with islam sunday , october 12 , 2014 world health organization doctor returns from treating ebola patients in west africa , saw no ebola screening tests administered upon return from fusion : the world health organization is sending doctors to countries where the virus is most prevalent — liberia , guinea , sierra leone and nigeria .
fusion’s jorge ramos spoke to one of the doctors , dr. aileen marty , who recently returned home to miami after spending 31 days in nigeria. she says she was surprised what happened when she arrived at miami international airport. “i get to the kiosk…mark the fact that i’ve been in nigeria and nobody cares , nobody stopped me , ” marty said .
scientists believe the drug cocktail may be successful in curing the deadly virus in humans .
the new drug cocktail was tested on the zaire strain of ebola which is the most common and most deadly strain of the virus .
patients who suffer from zaire ebola suffer from a 90 percent fatality rate .
the potential new cure was documented by medical microbiologists at the national microbiology laboratory in winnipeg , canada .
the group of researchers infected 12 cynomolgus monkey and then administered their “zmab” cocktail .
four monkeys given the antibodies were cured within 24 hours while two of the four given the cocktail made a full recovery within 48 hours .
four of the monkey’s who were not given treatment died within five days of infection .
the study is the first to successfully complete a post-infection treatment trial of the virus , in the past studies had focused on preventing the virus’ diseases with vaccination .
the new drug cocktail involved extracting antibodies from mice which had been vaccinated against the zaire strain .
the drug targets and neutralizes glycoprotein on the surface of the virus that allows it to enter and infect cells .
according to researcher gary kobinger “the antibodies slowed replication until the animals’ own immune systems kicked in and completely cleared the virus” .
the test was part of ebola treatment defilovir which will enter into phase i human testing trials by the end of 2014 .
the groups full study was published in the journal science translational medicine on 13 june
ebola update : canada to donate n408 million for protective equipment ebola update : canada to donate n408 million for protective equipment canada is set to contribute $ 2.5 million ( 408,000,065.28 ) worth of protective equipment to aid in combating the ebola disease published : canadian health minister , rona ambrose says the country will donate $ 2.5 million worth of protective equipment to aid efforts against ebola ( chris wattie/
canada is joining the fight against ebola in west africa as the country is reportedly contributing protective medical gear , worth $ 2.5 million ( 408,000,065.28 ) , to the cause .
the nation’s health minister , rona ambrose , revealed this on monday , september 15 , 2014 , cbc news reports .
canada previously offered to donate 1000 doses of its experimental ebola vaccine to help in the treatment of ebola in west africa after the world health organization ( who ) deemed such measures ethical .
the minister said that the personal protective equipment ( ppe ) would be given to who as part of efforts to help combat the disease .
ambrose added : `` we will continue to explore ways for canada to make a meaningful contribution to the global response , ''
share this tweet this survivors of ebola have been dealing with severe side effects from the illness , and now a report shows people who 've fought the deadly ebola disease are now experiencing a number of additional health issues. reuters reports the survivors are experiencing symptoms from the so-called `` post-ebola syndrome '' or pes .
the symptoms include body aches , memory or hair loss , headaches , anxiety attacks , extreme fatigue and vision problems. in more severe cases , people have reported mental illness , and women have stopped menstruating. a report by the world health organization shows doctors have seen a range of symptoms in victims of pes .
fifty percent of ebola survivors in kenema complain of vision problems ; some doctors in west africa have treated patients becoming fully blind after recovering from ebola .
according to the united nations , there are between 5,000 and 10,000 survivors of the disease .
some complain of side effects months after recovery .
victims of pes find it difficult to return to their former lives especially if they work in manual labor as farmers , laborers and housewives .
despite the prevalence of the illness , doctors and other health experts are struggling to determine the reason behind pes .
share this story like us on facebook related news soccer team owner and drug lord in honduras turns in himself in '' eye problems might be caused by damage to the cornea , to the nerves or something else .
at this point we do not have enough information to know exactly what is going on .
but we need to find out urgently so we can do whatever we can to preserve the eyesight for people who have to try to pick up their lives again , '' dr. andrew ramsay , field coordinator for who in kenema , said .
so far doctors believe ebola survivors are more prone to autoimmune disorders and therefore susceptible to pes .
autoimmune issues are a medical condition where an over stimulated immune system does n't recognize healthy tissues and instead attacks them .
doctors also believe the symptoms may be caused by the disease itself or from treatment .
doctors say there is little know about the health effects of ebola .
prior to this outbreak , the virus was rare and left few survivors .
there have been reported aftereffects of ebola from an outbreak in 1976 .
however , that epidemic was smaller and more deadly , making it difficult to receive any detailed research regarding pes .
despite the victims ' health issues , this outbreak provides a unique opportunity to learn more about the disease .
ebola has killed almost 9,000 people in sierra leone , guinea and liberia .
symptoms of the illness include fever and vomiting .
the disease attacks the immune system and vital organs causing internal and external bleeding .
end of results ©2015 deviantart .
your download plan was renewed .
congratulations and thank you for your business .
read more | payment management ebola virus medical disease deadly infection symptoms icons set isolated isolated vector illustration .
health.mil select a topic to learn more topics submenu training opportunities in the military health system training for mhs staff find health affairs and defense health agency policy documents most popular policy downloads dod/veterans affairs ( va ) sharing memorandum of understanding ( mou ) recently posted policies select a category to see reference products references by type : find trending articles below or click the news button above for more military health highlights .
most recent articles listing of health.mil 's social media outlets visit our directory of military health reference across social media this is a section of the site where we will add links to content based on who you are submenu for i am a reserve health readiness program ebola ebola , previously known as ebola hemorrhagic fever , is a severe , often fatal disease in humans and nonhuman primates ( such as monkeys , gorillas , and chimpanzees ) .
ebola is a rare and deadly disease caused by infection with a virus of the family filoviridae , genusebolavirus .
there are five identified ebolavirus species , four of which have caused disease in humans : zaire ebolavirus ; sudan ebolavirus ; taï forest ebolavirus , formerly côte d’ivoire ebolavirus ; and bundibugyo ebolavirus .
the fifth , reston ebolavirus , has caused disease in nonhuman primates but not in humans .
ebola is found in several african countries .
the first ebola species was discovered in 1976 near the ebola river in what is now the democratic republic of the congo .
since then , outbreaks have appeared sporadically in africa .
the natural reservoir host of ebola remains unknown .
however , on the basis of available evidence and the nature of similar viruses , researchers believe that the virus is animal-borne with bats being the most likely reservoir .
four of the five subtypes occur in an animal host native to africa .
visit the centers for disease control and prevention website to learn more about ebola:
the lagos state commissioner for health , dr jide idris says ebola situation in lagos is ‘extremely dire.’ at a press briefing held in lagos this afternoon , the commissioner said the nigerian nurse who died of the ebola virus died at exactly 2.06pm yesterday in lagos .
he said health officials have begun ‘secondary contact tracing” , that is , tracking down people who came in contact with people who had direct contact with the late liberian , patrick sawyer , the first case of ebola virus in lagos .
he said as at yesterday august 5th , 27 people who had secondary contacts with the liberian man have been identified and are now been monitored .
he said 6 cases of ebola have been confirmed in lagos , 2 of which are in critical condition .
he said the infected doctor who was confirmed on monday august 4th to have contracted the virus is still alive .
continue… dr idris appealed to religious bodies to temporarily put on hold all forms of activities that would require a large number of people to come together .
as regards the ongoing redeemed christian church of god national convention at the redemption camp , dr idris said the church has fully educated its members with pamphlets and strategically positioned educational structures .
he reiterated that the disease is not airborne , adding that it requires a physical contact with an infected person or corpse before it can be transmitted .
the commissioner appealed for “volunteer” doctors , nurses , phlebotomists ; promising that the state government would provide them with “life insurance” and protective clothing .
meanwhile the chairman of the lagos state chapter of the nigerian medical association , dr tope ojo , yesterday said a matron who attended to the late liberian man , patrick sawyer has shown symptoms of being infected by the deadly virus .
dr ojo said this yesterday while addressing his members at the state’s secretariat .
he said 30 doctors have volunteered to stop their strike action and join in the fight against the deadly virus .
dr ojo said fears by some doctors of getting infected by the disease is the reason for the low number of volunteers recorded .
according to him , most doctors are uncertain of government’s commitment to them should they get infected during the course of consulting with ebola virus patients .
valentine’s shouldn’t be only once a year when it comes to love one day more than any other comes to mind and that’s valentine’s day .
whatever you’re personally opinions it’s difficult to not think about love on that special day on february 14th each year .
of course it’s also a popular day for marriage proposals , so love is certainly in the air .
all you need is some of your favorite valentine’s day ribbon and a little time !
the finished product is so nice that this simple valentine’s day craft would really make a great valentine’s day gifts [ … ]
2nd ebola patient from texas hospital identified as nurse amber vinson the family of the deceased ebola victim thomas eric duncan has at last settled with the dallas hospital that initially sent him home and later treated him .
according to their attorneys , a resolution has been “reached on behalf of the children and parents of the deceased with texas health resources and all related entities.” the resolution includes a financial settlement and a charitable contribution .
no further monetary details were disclosed .
duncan returned from his native liberia to texas on september 20 and came to texas health presbyterian hospital dallas 5 days later complaining of stomach pains , dizziness , nausea and headaches .
he had a temperature of 103 degrees .
during duncan’s five hour stay , he informed health workers that he had recently been to liberia , but the attending physician was not told .
duncan was released from the hospital later that day only to return september 30 in an ambulance — officially the first person to be diagnosed in the united states with ebola .
the hospital would later receive a lot of criticism on their initial decision to send him home .
although two nurses at the hospital were later infected , duncan was the only one to die of the disease .
home / documentation / how do you contract ebola sample letter for companion animal - hud/u.s .
sample letter for companion animal author ... subcategories
how can you catch ebola families of people who got sick or died of ebola .
y tell your children how you dealt with your feelings and then help them figure out what they ... can i catch ebola , you can’t get ebola through water you can’t get ebola through food grown or legally purchased in the u.s. you can only get ebola from • touching the blood or ... how can you catch ebola date what is ebola and how does it spread ?
how to talk with your children about ebola march 18,2015 families of people who got sick or died of ebola .
y tell your children how you dealt with your feelings and then help them figure out what they ... can i catch ebola ebola : what you need to know if you live in the united … march 18,2015 ebola : what you need to know if you live in the united states what is ebola ?
can you catch ebola by touching the skin of someone with symptoms ?
what is the risk of becoming infected with ebola ?
the virus is ... march 18,2015 another through the air .
it usually occurs from a sneeze .
ebola can be spread among humans only through direct contact with the blood or bodily fluids ( saliva , mucus ...
your download plan was renewed .
congratulations and thank you for your business .
read more | payment management vue microscopique du plan rapproché de virus ebola .
man tests positive for ebola at delhi airport victor mallet in new delhi you have viewed your allowance of free articles .
if you wish to view more , click the button below .
contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others .
wlky shares more + an elementary school teacher in louisville , kentucky , has left her job after being put on paid `` precautionary leave '' for 21 days over fears of ebola - even though she 'd never been to a country affected by the ebola outbreak .
the teacher , susan sherman , resigned from st. margaret mary catholic school after being put on leave following a mission trip to kenya .
sherman told cbs louisville station wlky the school asked her to stay out of the classroom because of concerns from students , parents and parishoners .
she blamed the decision on ignorance .
sherman , a registered nurse , and her husband , paul , a retired surgeon , had gone to kenya on a medical mission with a faith-based volunteer group called kenya relief , the louisville courier-journal newspaper reported .
the louisville archdiocese acknowledged that the kenyan village where sherman went was located `` in eastern africa , thousands of miles from west africa , where the main outbreak of the virus is located .
the fear of the ebola virus is leading to prejudice and stigma of the west african community in the united states .
no one in staten island , new y ...
this is not the first case of misplaced ebola fears impacting people who had no apparent risk of exposure to the disease .
last week , a family in milford , connecticut , filed a federal lawsuit after their daughter was barred from third grade when she returned from attending a relative 's wedding in nigeria .
the girl , ikeoluwa opayemi , was told to stay home from meadowside elementary school for 21 days `` due to concern from certain parents and teachers that she could transmit ebola to other children , '' according to the lawsuit .
the virus has a three-week incubation period .
nigeria , like kenya , currently has no known cases of ebola .
in july , a man from liberia - which does have a serious outbreak - flew into nigeria , developed ebola symptoms and died , infecting several health care workers in the process .
but the world health organization says there have been no new cases in nigeria in months and that the outbreak there was successfully stopped .
getting to zero : president obama on the next phase in our fight against ebola this article originally appeared on www.whitehouse.gov .
president barack obama delivers remarks on the us response to the ebola outbreak in west africa and praises the heroic efforts of us responders , including brett sedgewick ( back row , far right ) who managed global communities ' teams on the ground in liberia this past fall .
he 'd go from community to community , supporting teams that helped grieving families bury their loved ones who had perished from the ebola disease .
the safe-burial teams buried them carefully , safely , and respectfully so that they could rest in peace without transmiting the disease to anyone else .
as a health care worker with global communities , brett reflected the spirit of the 10,000 civilian workers like himself when he said : `` if you need me , just say the word .
that 's our willingness to help those in need .
thanks to these efforts , the number of new cases is on the decline and , today , the president announced that we will bring the majority of our troops deployed in the region home by april 30 .
thanks to the foundation our military , civilian workers , and countless others around the world have laid , we now can focus on a new goal : getting to zero -- zero new cases of ebola .
we will continue to train health care workers on top of the 1,500 we 've already helped provide safe and direct medical care to ebola patients .
we will continue to support the 15 ebola treatment units our u.s. service members constructed to test , isolate , and care for hundreds of patients .
we will continue to support the robust international response we helped galvanize , comprised of over 62 countries contributing more than $ 2 billion to the efforts .
now , civilian health care workers will ramp up aggressive case-finding and contact-tracing efforts to hunt down remaining cases .
we will continue public awareness campaigns and outreach so that communities remain vigilant and prepared to identify and care for new patients .
and 100 military personnel will remain in the region to support partner armed forces in the response efforts .
in thanking these military and civilian humanitarians for their service , the president said : `` what makes us exceptional is when there’s a big challenge and we hear somebody saying it’s too hard to tackle , and we come together as a nation and prove you wrong .
that’s true whether it’s recession , or war , or terrorism .
there are those who like to fan fears .
but over the long haul , america does not succumb to fear .
we master the moment with bravery and courage , and selflessness and sacrifice , and relentless , unbending hope .
that’s what these people represent .
that’s what’s best in us .
and we have to remember that , because there will be other circumstances like this in the future .
hampton roads , va local news , weather , sports wed , 18 mar 2015 06:16:47 +0000 en
ebola vaccine field trial likely to start in one month : cdc moscow , january 15 ( sputnik ) — new ebola cases in all the three west african countries affected by ebola have declined to their lowest weekly total in recent months , the un mission for ebola emergency response ( unmeer ) said in a report thursday .
according to the report , guinea saw its lowest number of weekly new cases since august 17 , 2014 , while no new confirmed cases have been reported in liberia for the last two days of the week ending january 11 .
sierra leone has also seen a decline in case incidences in the past two weeks , with its lowest weekly total since august 31 , 2014 .
meanwhile , sierra leone 's president emest koroma this week predicted that his country would have zero ebola cases by may .
ebola death toll reaches 8,429 according to latest who report unmeer reported tensions in several villages in guinea , making the areas inaccessible by the country 's `` zero ebola in 60 days '' evaluation team , launched last week to monitor response efforts .
on january 10 , two police officers accused of spreading ebola were lynched in guinea .
while a red cross worker was assaulted several days before .
since the ebola outbreak began in late 2013 in guinea , a total of over 20,000 probable , suspected and confirmed cases have been reported in the three countries .
among the reported cases , more than 8,000 people have died from the deadly virus .
ebola symptoms and signs written by admin leave a comment ebola viruses are confirmed to be actually found in almost every primate residing in africa mostly and properly in the philippines .
it’s claimed to have a few only occasional human infections happening around that moment .
it’s very likely for the hemorrhagic temperature taking place primarily in african regions , including the republic of the congo , gabon , sudan , uganda , etc .
not to mention how it possibly occurs in other african nations .
basically , the fever will be one of the signs for us to realize this risky virus .
the bad news here is definitely its probability of spreading by the straightforward contact with the patients .
in other words , the viruses will be easily transferred from one ebola virus-infected individual to the uninfected others through blood and general secretions .
normally , such those secretions can be found on clothing , needles plus syringes utilized to treat the ebola-infected people .
as it comes to its common symptoms and signs here , it’s undeniable that they’re possibly available at any place by lasting within 21 days right after its actual exposure to the virus .
averagely , the visible symptoms are seen from 8 to 10 days .
about the recovery from this dangerous virus , we know for sure that there are only the best supportive clinical care and the immune response of the patients .
anyone successfully recovering from such a fatal infection would have one more chance of growing their own antibodies that are believed to endure for about 10 years at least .
some of the most easily seen signs and symptoms here are none other than : headache , high fever , aches in both joint and muscle , sore throat , stomachache , body weakness , and the appetite shortage .
much worse than that , as those ebola symptoms are getting worse than its initial outbreak , patients would have some unexpected bleedings occurring inside the body , along with in the eyes , ears , and nose .
in any worse state , a few people are going to vomit and cough up blood whilst the others can have the signs of bloody diarrhea or having a rash .
another important thing that it’s not that facile to tell anything whether or not a person gets infected by the ebola virus in advance , or simply forecast if that person contains those symptoms all alone .
when being given the good clinical care , even your doctors might have to carry out some tests for the purpose of ruling out some other unwanted illnesses like cholera and malaria for instance .
during that time , the high necessity is surely the checks-up or tests of the patients’ blood plus tissues so that we can totally have ebola diagnosed successfully .
be careful , once being infected by ebola virus , it’s very likely for that person to be completely isolated from the others even her family at once for the best prevention of the spread .
always bear in mind that this irritating virus is not as contagious as the other commonly suffered ones like measles or influenza , since its spread should happen from people to people by contacting through skin and other fluid substances of one infected animal .
commonly , the virus has the ability of moving from a person to a person and guess what ?
anyone caring for just only one sick person , or basically bury her who has died from the virus always suffered from it .
remember that a healthy person can have ebola when having hands at any contaminated needle whilst it’s impossible to get the virus from the normal environment conditions , like air , water , and food .
besides , even a person having ebola does not have any symptom above won’t be able to spread the virus as well .
currently , we have about 5 different sorts of ebola viruses which are trusted to be able to trigger the disease in each of us .
just send any question that you feel needed to ask us concerning the subject “what about ebola symptoms and signs ? ” for your best answers to it .
west africa’s ebola outbreak prompts changes in i coast cuisine tweet bouake : west africa’s first outbreak of ebola fever is bad news for gourmets in ivory coast , but brings respite from the hunter to species sought out for tasty meat but feared to carry the disease .
late in march , health minister raymonde goudou coffie called for her compatriots to stop eating porcupines and agoutis , which look like large river-rats , “until we can be sure there are no risks” .
bushmeat is known to be a vector of ebola , the alarming haemorrhagic fever that has claimed at least 122 lives in guinea , according to a un world health organisation toll on april 17 .
liberia , meanwhile , reports 13 deaths .
hunters and restaurant owners in the central ivorian town of bouake are upset that clients have begun to steer clear of the strong taste of the agouti , a beast with a long snout and brown fur that can reach half a metre ( 1.6 feet ) in length .
last week , the minister’s recommendation was still going unheeded or ignored by some traders and hunters in bouake’s main bushmeat market .
one hunter openly carried a dead rodent .
emile , a customer in his 40s who seemed slightly tipsy , asked for “ebola meat” , meaning braised agouti .
but such scenes are swiftly becoming a thing of the past .
an official ban on bushmeat - including antelopes , chimpanzees and porcupines as well as agoutis - has been enforced and a week later , the bouake market was empty .
state officials from the water and forestry service and in the health sector are patrolling the whole country in search of offenders .
they recently burned 200 kilos ( 440 pounds ) of smoked game found in the capital yamoussoukro. the stakes are high .
wild animals are carriers of often deadly haemorrhagic fevers , including ebola for which there is no medical cure .
the fruit bat has been singled out as a likely vector in the west african outbreak .
people subsequently contaminate each other by direct contact with blood , bodily fluids and the tissue of infected patients , including dead ones during their burial .
the current strain of ebola kills 90 percent of its victims and suspect cases have been reported in sierra leone and mali , while senegal has closed its border with guinea .
fear of the disease runs high in ivory coast , another of guinea’s neighbours , though no cases have yet been reported .
people have begun to listen to official warnings and instructions .
but with the risk of ebola , i’ve changed , i don’t eat any more , ” kassoum agreed .
not everybody plays by the rules .
a restaurant owner , who asked to remain anonymous , said she had established a code with some of her most loyal customers , hardened eaters of bushmeat .
adele coulibaly , 48 , whose restaurant used to specialise in game , has converted to beef and fish , but in the process she has lost customers and income .
she is sceptical about the government’s recommendations .
a ban of game hunting has been in force since 1974 , but remained largely ineffective because of the popularity of the meat .
who : ebola death toll in west africa passes 3,000 bar ebola death toll in west africa rose to 3,083 , the world health organization said saturday who geneva ( aa ) – the ebola death toll in west africa rose to 3,083 , the world health organization ( who ) said saturday .
according to the latest who figures for the countries with widespread and intense ebola transmission , there are 1,074 cases and 648 deaths from ebola in guinea , 3,458 cases and 1,830 deaths in liberia and 2,021 cases and 605 deaths in sierra leone .
the international organization also reported that 211 health workers have died as a result of infection ( 35 in guinea , 89 in liberia , 5 in nigeria , and 82 in sierra leone ) .
according to who , death toll from ebola in west africa could rise to 20,000 in a month should measures not be taken .
a recent report by u.s. centers for disease control and prevention , predicted that the number of cases of ebola could reach as many as 550,000 to 1.4 million in liberia and sierra leone alone by mid-january without boosted efforts to counter the epidemic .
4,604 total views , 3 views today
ebola outbreak : death toll reaches 9660 ebola outbreakdeath toll reaches 9660 the total number of confirmed cases of the disease has also peaked to 23,825 , according to the who .
published : a pregnant woman suspected of having ebola lies on a stretcher in freetown , sierra leone .
the death toll from the current ebola outbreak has reached 9,660 , the world health organization ( who ) has said .
the total number of confirmed cases of the disease has also peaked to 23,825 , according to the who .
a statement released by the un health organization showed that 131 new cases of ebola were recorded in the worst hit countries ( guinea , liberia , and sierra leone ) in the past week while there were 71 deaths .
in total , liberia has accounted for 4,057 deaths and 9,265 cumulative cases , sierra leone , 3,490 deaths and 11,370 cases and guinea 2,113 deaths and 3,190 cases .
meanwhile the vice president of sierra leone , samuel sam-sumana has entered into voluntary quarantine after one of his bodyguards died of ebola .
researchers identify protein essential in transmission of ebola virus wednesday , august 24 , 2011 - 13:30 in biology & nature researchers have used a robotic method to screen tens of thousands of compounds and identified a novel small molecule derived from benzylpiperazine adamantyl diamide that inhibits ebov entry into cells by more than 99 percent .
they used the inhibitor as a probe to investigate the ebov infection pathway and found that the target of the inhibitor is the cell protein niemann-pick c1 .
home / documentation / how does ebola work table of contents template - siu graduate school ...
title : table of contents template subject : formatting a dissertation author : ratna sinha last modified by : jan elizabeth hamilton created date : 3/8/2012 6:45:00 pm subcategories
home » search results for `` ebola basics about the disease federation of american `` ebola basics about the disease federation of american free download file pdf , ppt and doc for ebola basics about the disease federation of american at nursing home .
you can choose the appropriate documents has become you need we provide three types : pdf , ppt and doc .
currently you are opening the pdf , ppt and doc to topic ebola basics about the disease federation of american you can download for free , with some links below that we have provided .
do not forget to bookmark this page in the future by pressing ctrl +d ( windows ) or command + d ( mac ) .
if you want to get a preview please click on the link `` preview '' in each item .
health minister awa marie coll seck said on friday that the young man had turned up for treatment at a hospital in the senegalese capital dakar on tuesday but concealed that he had had close contact with victims in his home country .
she said guinean authorities said the student from the guinean capital conakry had disappeared three weeks ago while under surveillance for having close contact with ebola victims .
live box 201482572719796478 `` the results of tests carried out by the pasteur institute in dakar were positive , '' the minister said .
the worst ever outbreak of the virus , first detected in the jungles of southeast guinea in march , has killed more than 1,550 people .
most of these were in guinea , sierra leone and liberia , but six people have also died in nigeria .
dakar is a regional hub for un agencies and aid groups serving the sahel region of west africa. in an effort to insulate itself from the worst ever ebola epidemic , senegal announced last week it was closing its southern land border with guinea .
it also banned flights to and from sierra leone , liberia and guinea , but not nigeria .
on thursday , the world health organisation said that the ebola outbreak in west africa could exceed 20,000 cases , which is more than six times as many as doctors know about now. source : reuters
october 8 , 2014 theory confirmed : van jones wants dems to use ebola panic in their favor ebola should n't be a partisan thing , right ?
but , it looks like the democrats are trying to make it one .
or at least use people 's ebola fears to boast their agenda .
appearing on abc 's this week with george stephanopoulos , former obama official van jones posed that the democrats should use ebola in their midterm politicking .
he said : well , we 've to get our base going .
the other thing too is that we ca n't let the republicans get away with some of the stuff they 're doing this week , just trying to bash obama .
hey , you know , government is always your enemy until you need a friend. this ebola thing is the best argument you can make for the kind of government that we believe in. a year ago ted cruz shut down america 's government , shut down the cdc over shenanigans .
what if that happened this year ?
you got to start putting the republicans on the defensive for the fact that they believe that you can take a wrecking ball to america 's government , never pay a price .
obamacare means that 8 million people who could n't have gone to the doctor last year , if they feel sick today , they would if they got obama , they can go see the doctor .
the democrats have got to start talking like that .
watch van jones ' appearance on this week with george stephanopoulos here .
it 's an interesting correlation that was previously written about on benswann.com .
seasoned insurance businessman mike papadopoulos said he thought that the ebola panic will be used to increase obamacare open enrollment , which begins nov. 15 .
listen to the full interview below : do n't forget to like freedom outpost on facebook , google plus , tea party community & twitter .
you can also get freedom outpost delivered to your amazon kindle device here .
ebola-ravaged nations look for helping hand march 2015 ( from left ) guinean president alpha conde , liberian president ellen johnson sirleaf , european union commissioner for humanitarian aid and crisis management christos stylianides , sierra leonean president ernest bai koroma and congolese president denis sassou nguesso address a press conference at the egmont palace in brussels .
dpa/brussels african and european leaders yesterday warned against a relaxation of efforts in the fight against ebola , at a conference in brussels on eradicating the disease and helping the worst-affected countries to recover .
an outbreak of the haemorrhagic fever has ravaged guinea , sierra leone and liberia over the last year , leading to more than 9,500 confirmed and suspected deaths , according to the world health organization .
the last mile may well be the hardest , ” un secretary general ban ki-moon said in a statement .
guinean president alpha conde said it was “easier to move from 100 to 10 [ new infections ] than from 10 to zero.” the one-day conference , being held under the patronage of the european union , is being used in part to make sure financial pledges for the fight against ebola are met .
a reminder of the disease’s pervasiveness came at the weekend , when the vice-president of sierra leone was reported to have placed himself in quarantine after one of his bodyguards died of ebola .
the conference is also about how to help guinea , sierra leone and liberia recover from the outbreak , which has decimated their economic growth and overwhelmed their health sectors .
sirleaf yesterday joined forces with the anti-poverty organization oxfam to call for donors to support her government’s call for $ 60mn to fund water and sanitation facilities for schools .
more than 150 delegations were expected at the brussels talks , with 69 countries and major international organizations represented - amounting to more than 600 delegates , according to a european commission official .
the work will continue on july 20-21 , at an ebola recovery and reconstruction conference being hosted by the african union in equatorial guinea , the organization’s social affairs commissioner mustapha sidiki kaloko announced at the start of the brussels talks .
the meeting , in malabo , is to focus on investment in public health , strengthening health systems and response to disease outbreaks , he said .
stakeholders will also discuss the establishment of a “voluntary reserve health workforce that can be called on at any time to respond to health and emergency threats , ” as well as efforts to set up an african centre of disease control and prevention , kaloko added .
email print comment rss hospital : dallas ebola patient in critical condition health officials said they are still monitoring about 50 people who may have had contact with the patient for signs of the deadly disease so how exactly did this outbreak happen ?
should we in the u.s. be concerned ?
and what information does ems need to know ?
related content sponsored by : dallas — after hospital officials on saturday said the condition of the lone ebola patient diagnosed in the u.s. has worsened , the woman he came to texas to visit said she is praying for his recovery .
louise troh said that she was not aware until a reporter told her that thomas eric duncan 's condition had been deemed critical and that she had not spoken with him saturday .
texas health presbyterian hospital dallas did n't provide any further details or respond to questions about duncan 's health on saturday .
the hospital has previously said duncan , who was being kept in isolation , was in serious but stable condition .
duncan traveled from disease-ravaged liberia to dallas last month before he began showing symptoms of the disease that has killed some 3,400 people in west africa .
health officials said saturday that they are still monitoring about 50 people who may have had contact with duncan for signs of the deadly disease .
among those are nine people who are believed to be at a higher risk .
thus far none have shown symptoms .
included in the group being monitored are people who later rode in the ambulance that took duncan to thehospital last sunday , said dr. tom frieden , the director of the centers for disease control and prevention .
duncan was staying with troh at a dallas apartment when he became ill. on friday a hazardous-materials crew hauled out items from the apartment in industrial barrels for permanent disposal .
that same day , troh , originally from liberia , and three others — her 13-year-old son , duncan 's distant relative and a family friend — were moved to a private residence where they are being carefully monitored .
the city had trouble finding a place to take them until a volunteer offered the private residence .
the first ebola diagnosis in the u.s. has raised concerns about whether the disease could spread in the u.s. federal health officials say they are confident they can control it .
frieden said that they 've already gotten `` well over '' 100 inquiries on suspicious cases in recent months , with an uptick coming after the dallas patient was diagnosed .
federal officials have said tests have been done on about 15 and all but one — duncan — were false alarms .
most of the cases do n't involve travel to west africa , `` but we 'd rather have a wider net cast , '' said frieden .
that way `` we 're more likely to find someone promptly if they did actually have exposure and they do actually have symptoms , '' he said .
the virus that causes ebola is not airborne and can only be spread through direct contact with the bodily fluids — blood , sweat , vomit , feces , urine , saliva or semen — of an infected person who is showing symptoms .
duncan arrived in dallas on sept. 20 and fell ill a few days later .
after an initial visit to the emergency room at texas health presbyterian hospital , he was sent home .
he returned to the hospital two days later , last sunday , and has been kept in isolation ever since .
the hospital's explanation about what they knew about his travel history has changed in the time since his diagnosis was revealed on tuesday .
federal health officials have advised hospitals to take a travel history for patients with any ebola-like symptoms .
when duncan 's diagnosis was first disclosed , the hospital said it was n't till he came back sunday that they discovered he had been in west africa .
the hospital later acknowledged that duncan had told a nurse his travel history on his first visit but said the information had n't been fully communicated to the whole team .
on thursday , the hospital elaborated by saying that a flaw in the electronic health records systems led to separate physician and nursing workflows and that the doctor had n't had access to duncan 's travel history .
but the hospital issued a statement late friday saying that the doctor who initially treated duncan did have access to his travel history after all .
this material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
hospital spokesman wendell watson said saturday he could provide no further details , saying , `` we 're still looking into the entire chain of events .
august 4 , 2014 1:24 am posted by editor can herbs help stop ebola for a discussion of which herbs might be effective against ebola .
there currently is no cure using conventional drugs and there is no vaccine .
go behind the scenes with the producer who made 'life after death ' still , `` there 's always that fear , '' liberian president ellen johnson-sirleaf tells npr 's david greene during an interview monday on morning edition .
it 's the fear that ebola will erupt again and kill thousands more .
might as well , says johnson-sirleaf , because there 's no use closing a long and porous border .
does the fear that more cases could come across the border keep you up at night ?
we 'll continue to have those fears .
but i do n't want us to be consumed by fear .
we had enough fear in august , in september , in october .
we 've already overcome those fears by aggressive action to contain the virus .
do you think the image of liberia has changed through this ?
we were the poster child of everything that could go wrong : disaster , death , destruction all over the place .
yes , i think it has .
we were the poster child of everything that could go wrong : disaster , death , destruction all over the place .
we too , as a result of ebola , had a re-energizing of ourselves .
we saw a new opportunity to turn this crisis into something that will be good for the country .
and it 's not just the leadership , it 's also the people in the communities .
they were the victims but they became the victors because they were the ones who took responsibility .
they all had a role to play .
and because of that , we see this as a new resurgence .
our success , we think , has been heralded .
if you look at the predictions that we faced in october , i mean , by the end of january there will be 1.4 million people dead .
that was a wake-up call for us , a call to action .
our people rose to that .
given the distrust of the government in some remote areas , are you convinced that everyone is feeling that kind of spirit ?
liberian president 's ambitious goal : no new ebola cases by christmas nobody can say to you that everyone in every community feels this engaged , feels this revival of hope and confidence .
but i say the majority have .
and , you know , the distrust was there because this was an unknown enemy .
they expected that we knew the answer and that we would solve this right away .
we did not have the answer .
we did not know what to do .
i was as fearful as anyone else in those early days of this epidemic .
and so you can see that they expect if something goes wrong in the country that the leader 's going to be able to fix it .
we could n't fix it but i think we all finally realized that all of our lives were at stake .
everything we had worked for was at stake .
that brought the coming together .
we [ wo n't ] convince everybody .
i think by and large , liberians are proud of themselves and of the unity as we fought this disease .
there 's criticism that the crisis exposed flaws in the government : corruption and how ill-prepared liberia 's health care system is .
but i think we all finally realized that all of our lives were at stake .
everything we had worked for was at stake .
that brought the coming together .
do they know where we started in 2006 ?
we led a broken country of people with no hope .
do you know from whence we [ came ] , for 10 consecutive years from peace and stability ?
do they know what we had to fix ?
we had diplomatic relations that had been severed for years .
we had an $ 80 million budget when we came in in 2006 .
that 's [ the amount ] for one of your high schools .
we had a collapsed economy .
we were growing at 7.5 percent until ebola struck .
it 's back to zero .
unfortunately , we 'll have to build it again .
yes we have problems , we do n't have perfection .
yes , we do have corruption in the country .
it 's been there a long time .
the deprivation that people suffered led them to a place of survival .
and survival meant they had to do anything they could to feed their children and to live .
a lot of liberians love proverbs .
is there a proverb that sums up what your country has been through and where it is today ?
that 's a call to everybody .
in other words , do it yourself .
do you think that was lacking before ?
we just always looked to the government , looked to the ngos , looked to the u.s. you know , all of those were helpful .
but at the end of the day , we 've got to do it ourselves .
health.mil select a topic to learn more topics submenu training opportunities in the military health system training for mhs staff find health affairs and defense health agency policy documents most popular policy downloads dod/veterans affairs ( va ) sharing memorandum of understanding ( mou ) recently posted policies select a category to see reference products references by type : find trending articles below or click the news button above for more military health highlights .
most recent articles listing of health.mil 's social media outlets visit our directory of military health reference across social media this is a section of the site where we will add links to content based on who you are submenu for i am a home > newsroom > articles > operation united assistance soldiers train first class of ebola treatment unit workers operation united assistance soldiers train first class of ebola treatment unit workers sgt .
kevin scranton-chaney , a dod ebola training team trainer , joint forces command-united assistance , teaches volunteers how to properly mix the decontaminate solution used at ebola treatment units , during one of the numerous classes held .
related topics : global preparedness and response , ebola , operation united assistance , information for healthcare workers monrovia , liberia ( nov. 4 , 2014 ) -- the joint forces command-united assistance dod ebola training team completed training the first class of workers who will staff the ebola treatment units oct. 31 at the national police training center , paynesville , in liberia .
the training consists of 8 to 10 days of hands-on and classroom instruction split in two phases - cold phase and hot phase .
the cold phase is conducted by the dod ebola training team , or dett , which is comprised of service members from the army , navy and air force , and is led by col. laura favand , the dett chief of training .
in the cold phase , students go through five days of intense , repetitive training in a simulated ebola treatment unit , referred to as an etu .
during this phase , the trainers go over every detail multiple times to ensure every volunteer learns and retains the training , said lt. col. matt fandre , the command surgeon for joint forces command-united assistance .
with health officials attempt to contain the spread of the disease , it 's all coming down to education , so here are the facts on this deadly virus .
1 ) it is one of the deadliest viruses known the death toll from this outbreak currently sits at around 56 per cent of the total number of people infected so far .
however , as this specific strain of ebolavirus - ebola virus ( or zaire ebolavirus ) , first identified in zaire in 1976 - is known to kill up to 90 per cent of victims in any particular outbreak , the total death toll could end up being much higher .
with only a limited response arrayed against it , the virus can completely overrun the body .
2 ) its symptoms are especially nasty when it comes to viral infections , you ca n't get much worse than ebola .
once infected , a person develops symptoms in as little as two days , but it could take up to three weeks .
weakness , headaches , muscle and joint pain , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhea , and extremely high fever are the most common symptoms that develop , possibly along with sore throat , rash , red eyes , coughing , and difficulty breathing or swallowing .
as the virus continues to invade the body , it causes blood clots , which end up damaging major organs and causing massive internal bleeding ( which is where the hemorrhagic in the name comes from ) .
3 ) it spreads very easily , but only through direct contact ebola is highly infectious , but so far it can only be contracted through either direct contact with the infected - either the original animal ( most likely fruit bats ) or any infected primate or human .
the blood , saliva , and any other fluid or secretion that comes out of the infected 's body is expected to contain the virus , so contact with any of these can result in infection .
it can also be spread through the use of improperly cleaned medical instruments .
so , despite the extremely deadly nature of the virus , it is typically easy to contain , as health officials isolate the victims for treatment , educate the local population on how to avoid infection , and increase sanitation measure in treatment centres and hospitals .
one issue complicating the situation in western africa is that cultural practices are trumping advice from medical personnel .
the traditional method of preparing the deceased for burial in the region is a highly-respectful ritual involving the person 's family hand washing the body .
however , as this brings those people into direct contact with bodily fluids that still contain the virus , this results in further infections .
other issues are that , apparently , some people living in the affected region do n't even believe that the virus exists , and others believe that faith healers can do more good for their loved ones than the doctors and health officials trying to limit the spread .
4 ) there is no vaccination or cure for ebola although efforts are ongoing to develop a vaccine for ebola , once a person has become infected , there 's little that can be done for them , except to help with the symptoms of the illness .
patients are given intravenous fluids , they are provided with supportive care , but it is up to their body to deal with the infection from there .
if they can recover , it is often a full and complete recovery , as what happened with abdullah d. , a husband , and father of twins , from guinea ( click here for his story ) .
strides are being made by the medical community to develop a vaccine , with some of the latest results including the development of antibodies in primates .
however , we may be some ways away from having something that is useful for humans .
5 ) this outbreak is spreading faster and farther than any other in the past at this time , the virus has claimed 672 lives , in 4 different african countries .
it began in guinea , where 319 people have died since february , then spread to bordering sierra leone ( 224 deaths ) and liberia ( 129 deaths ) by march , and one of the latest deaths was in nigeria .
this is far and above previous outbreaks , which have been limited to one country and a maximum of 280 deaths ( in the first zaire outbreak in 1976 ) .
with this latest case , it was a liberian government worker who recently flew into nigeria , and health officials are watching closely for anyone else who shows signs of infection there , as well as in togo , where the person 's plane landed on the way to nigeria .
this latest case is revealing one of the biggest worries about this outbreak .
although an airborne strain of ebola would be a nightmare , it is n't required to turn an epidemic into a pandemic .
with symptoms developing up to three weeks after infection , that is plenty of time for the infected person to board an airplane and fly anywhere in the world , interact with numerous people , and spread the virus to everyone they come into contact with .
governments and health officials are being as cautious as they can , with liberia recently closing down all but three border crossings into guinea and sierra leone , and opening up testing stations in the country 's airports .
identifying all infected people may be difficult , though , given the delayed onset of symptoms , but this does decrease the chances of it spreading .
what are the chances of this epidemic spreading to other continents ? `` the chance of ebola spreading out of west africa is very , very low , '' kamran m. khan , an infectious disease specialist with st. michael 's hospital in toronto told npr in june .
but 10 per cent of the traffic goes to paris .
as for the virus being spread to other people en route , this is fairly unlikely .
for an airborne virus , it would be easy , but we tend to avoid contact with people , even in the close-quarters of an airliner cabin .
coming into contact with an infected person 's bodily fluids , especially if they 're showing no signs of sickness , would be very rare , and anyone who was showing signs of infection would likely be pulled out of the queue before boarding .
so , although concerns are certainly there , and the situation in west africa is very serious right now , fortunately the chances of this becoming a world-wide problem are quite low .
scott sutherland writes daily on weather , space and science .
check back often for his insider insights .
the final ebola studious in all of liberia was discharged from a diagnosis core on thursday .
and with that , a republic was but a singular reliable box of a dreaded disease .
a few months ago , ebola threatened to overcome a nation .
now , even nonetheless ebola still exists in adjacent sierra leone and guinea , liberia is counting a days until it can be deliberate ebola-free .
that strictly comes on apr 4 .
already , a celebrations have begun .
but liberia has been here before , station on a fork of dogmatic ebola gone , usually to learn that the worst of a conflict was nonetheless to come .
last may , liberia and a rest of west africa believed it was in a good position to better a disease .
the tiny ebola conflict that had emerged in mar 2014 and widespread to all 3 countries seemed to be on a approach out .
no new cases had been reported in weeks .
as jun approached , open health experts believed a conflict was over .
some doctors literally packaged adult and went home .
but only a integrate days before a 42-day deadline was reached , ebola returned .
and this time , a conflict incited into the world’s misfortune ebola epidemic .
this is one reason that currently open health experts are warning opposite relief and repeating a mistakes of a new past .
ebola , after all , is a wily disease .
it emerges and disappears mysteriously .
and a disease , but a heal and widespread by tighten contact , kills many of a people who get it .
tim shenk with doctors without borders pronounced people need to sojourn observant even as they acknowledge liberia’s new success .
liberia shares a porous limit with sierra leone and guinea , where a collateral cities of freetown and conarky have seen a new spike in new ebola cases .
tracking a illness needs to be improved , he said , to safeguard that ebola doesn’t trip into liberia or a regions of sierra leone and guinea where a illness was suspicion to be eradicated .
it’s too early to celebrate .
after all , that’s what a universe was doing final may , when ebola seemed to be in an even deeper retreat .
and that’s when ebola came back , worse than ever before .
100 % nöjdhetsgaranti uh oh ... unknown 0 can’t display all the features of our site .
may we suggest an alternative browser ?
because you won’t want to miss out on all this goodness .
ferguson ebola för obama bytefor anti bildekal pre- order pre-order today !
your design will be made and shipped as soon as our manufacturers are ready to begin production .
about this product stil : bildekal gör din bil till en reflektion av dig själv !
få din synpunkt ut till allmänheten med denna bildekal som kommer att överleva skyfall , intensivt solljus , och de svåraste trafikstockningar .
27.9 cm x 7.6 cm ; tillräckligt stor för meddelanden .
tillverkad av slitstark vinyl med starkt lim på baksidan .
tryckt med vattenfast bläck som inte bleknar .
ebola bill and melinda gates foundation join 80,000+ insiderssign up for ournewsletter fiercemedicaldevices provides breaking news and critical insights into the medical device and diagnostics industries , with a special emphasis on clinical studies , fda/emea regulations , emerging technologies , and post-marketing .
sign up today to receive your free `` insiders only '' daily email briefing .
the library : webinar mhealth + patient engagement : a new connected health model | thursday , april 16th | 2pm et / 11am pt | presented by : bbk worldwide bbk worldwide hosts a webinar exploring this new connected health model and its impact on clinical research .
join their expert panel , which includes mhealth experts from bbk worldwide , oracle and empatica , and learn key strategies for successful implementation .
registration is free – click here .
who on ebola : ‘never again should world be caught by surprise’ sunday january 25 , 2015 print article health worker and ebola survivor from sierra leone rebecca johnson cries after addressing the media during a special meeting on ebola at the who headquarters in geneva , january 25 , 2015 .
— reuters picgeneva , jan 25 — the world health organisation’s chief today admitted the un agency had been caught napping on ebola , saying it should serve a lesson to avoid similar mistakes in future .
opening a rare emergency session to review the fight against the epidemic , who head margaret chan said despite turning the corner there was no room for complacency , warning that progress could very easily be undone .
chan acknowledged blistering criticism that who’s response to the epidemic had been slow and shoddy .
the world , including who , was too slow to see what was unfolding before us , ” she told delegates at the third emergency session in the history of who .
but “an upsurge in new cases can follow a single unsafe act or burial or violent act of community resistance , ” chan said .
she called for a “dedicated contingency fund to support rapid responses to outbreaks and emergencies” , the need to enhance crisis management in the heart of the who , better international coordination and surveillance , and a “far more rigorous methodology for evaluating these capacities” .
‘strong , speedy response’ david nabarro , the un’s ebola coordinator , said “responses must be strategic , strong and speedy” in the future .
he said the outbreak showed up “weaknesses in the global institutional machinery for identifying and quickly neutralising health hazards.” nabarro , however , noted a string of generous contributions in both funds , expertise and help in building up the creaky health infrastructure of the worst-hit countries , singling out britain , china , france , the united states as well as the african union and the west african regional bloc ecowas .
the conference also heard from sierra leonean nurse rebecca johnson , who survived the disease after a four-week treatment in december .
johnson said she could not walk or talk and nearly went blind .
despite her recovery , johnson said she was “stigmatised and am still stigmatised by some people in my community.” “i sometimes go to a ( lonely ) place and cry , ” she said , but ended her speech with a message of hope. “ebola is not the end of the world .
ebola can be beaten.” — afp more stories for you:
radio stations broadcast lessons to sierra leone kids still out of school due to ebola reddit classrooms are empty in sierra leone , but education has n't ground to a halt .
school has yet to resume after last year 's summer break in the west african country due to the rapid spread of ebola throughout 2014 .
according to afp , more than 1 million school-aged kids in sierra leone -- one of the hardest-hit nations of the epidemic -- have been out of class for several months .
students , however , have utilized radio to stay focused on learning .
in october , the sierra leone government partnered with unicef and a variety of developmental organizations to launch a radio education program for school-aged kids , npr reported .
angela kamara , 6 years old , takes a lesson from the radio © unicef sierra leone/2014/tolu bade the program runs on 41 government radio stations , in addition to the country 's sole television channel , according to npr .
instructors create hour-long teaching sessions for younger children -- who listen in the morning -- and older students -- who tune in later in the day .
the lessons have become increasingly popular , according to unicef .
less than 20 percent of sierra leone 's children participated when the program began , but now about 50 percent are engaged , according to the group 's partner organizations in the region .
so far , participation for the program peaked at about 70 percent , npr reported .
the implications can be devastating when children just stay home [ and ] lose out on their academic gains .
bbc news reported in january , citing data from the world health organization ( who ) , that transmission of the disease continues to drop dramatically throughout the county , although it 's still highest in western areas .
precautions will be set in place to guarantee students ' safety once they return .
teachers will be trained to use thermometers to take temperatures , for example , and chlorinated water buckets will be accessible in schools .
students heading back to class next month wo n't deem the radio education program irrelevant though .
as taulo told npr , the program will continue as a complement to classroom instruction .
to take action on pressing global education issues , check out the global citizen 's widget below .
stopping ebola on foot , on wheels , on water and through the air of   photo credit : cdc cdc disease detective kari yacisin went to guinea to work with local teams doing contact tracing , the laborious job of finding all those who came into contact with an ebola patient and checking them for symptoms every day for 21 days .
it is slow , painstaking work , not made easier by hours of hiking jungle paths required to reach small villages and the people living in them .
the dedication and knowledge of these local teams is a critical part of the ebola response .
upon hearing of possible ebola cases in the settlement , cdc staff and partners including disease detective emiko petrosky drove as close as they could get , then hiked three miles on a narrow dirt path through the jungle to reach their destination .
they arrived to find four people sick .
their first challenge was getting these sick patients back to the road where an ambulance waited .
two were able to walk to the ambulance , but the others were too weak to make the journey on foot .
one was taken by motorbike , sandwiched between two men who wore personal protective equipment to keep from getting infected .
the last was strong enough to hold on , so he clung to a second motorbike driver who was also dressed in protective gear .
then we walked three miles back in the hot sun and picked up our cars to drive to the district health management office and report on what we found .
it took one full work day for us to help those in this one small community , ” said petrosky .
photo credit : justin williams/cdc sometimes the road to a village is not just a dirt path , but a log path as well .
here , a rutted dirt road is interrupted by a makeshift bridge made from a dam of fallen logs .
cdc communications staff member justin williams took this photo when he was part of a convoy of seven vehicles headed to john logan town in grand bassa county , liberia .
we were traveling in a logging area where deforestation contributes to the bad road conditions .
we walked across this bridge while our drivers determined the best way to get the vehicles across.” photo credit : jamaica corker/who where roads do exist , travel is not much easier .
cdc epidemiologist caitlin worrell and her colleagues including jamaica corker of who traveled these roads daily as part of their work in guinea .
they are barely passable by motorbike where the driver can maneuver the bike through the extremely uneven terrain .
but in a vehicle with four wheels , there’s no way to avoid the bumps and ruts .
there were times when every wheel of our vehicle was on a different level .
and as passengers we were tossed around like rag dolls .
your head would hit a window or the roof – there was no way to do anything during a two-and-a-half hour ride except hold on , ” said worrell .
photo credit : jamaica corker/who road conditions are so poor that it’s not unusual for vehicles to lose a part and require maintenance on the spot to get them back running .
here local driver aruna keita has pulled off the road to make a repair after a part fell off on the bumpy journey to macenta , guinea .
frequent pit-stops for impromptu repairs are par for the course in macenta , and all drivers must also be skilled mechanics , ready to improvise all kinds of emergency repairs on the side of the road .
though all vehicles are equipped with toolkits , sometimes extra creativity is needed .
on one trip , our driver used a scarf i 'd had on my head to secure a large piece of the underbelly of the truck that had come loose .
you have to plan and prepare for these kinds of thing on any trip – and in some cases rely on the kindness of a stranger on a motorcycle to send word of your delay ahead , '' said jamaica corker of who .
photo credit : justin williams/cdc where bridges exist , they are often makeshift affairs , and some structures aren’t safe for anything heavier than a person on a motorbike .
in october , a cdc team encountered this bridge almost five hours out of monrovia as they headed to the community of manbili-ta in western bong county , liberia .
scott laney ( left ) and david blackley walked the bridge to see if it would be safe for their vehicle .
we parked the suv and the team continued on foot for two more hours to conduct assessments in several isolated villages , ” said blackley .
now , in february , i am returning from a grueling road trip to remote villages along the border of ivory coast .
i am happy to report that we found no evidence of ongoing transmission in these villages .
it is critical to go the hardest to reach areas to make sure ebola is not lurking there .
ebola does n't respect borders or rough roads and sketchy bridges .
we will chase it to the ends of the earth , ” said laney .
photo credit : justin williams/cdc sometimes teams get to a bridge only to find that it’s under construction or being repaired .
earlier on the day this photo was taken , the cdc team had traveled this road and crossed a log bridge on their way to john logan town , liberia .
this is a logging area and bridge builders make frequent use of large trees as a way to span a waterway .
returning to monrovia later that day , the team discovered the bridge had been taken down and a new one was being erected .
there was no choice but to park their vehicles and wait while new logs were fitted into place .
but the bridge was being replaced and so we had to wait .
they had just laid the first log when we arrived , ” says cdc staffer justin williams .
photo credit : justin williams/cdc it was after dark before the bridge repair was completed and the cdc team could finish their journey back to monrovia .
the day we had to wait for the bridge to be replaced , we didn’t get back to where we were staying until 9 p.m. , ” said williams .
photo credit : kelsey mirkovic/cdc in this part of west africa , travel is done by water as much as it is by land .
the countryside is crisscrossed by hundreds of rivers , creeks , and streams , with no bridges at all across many of the wider waterways .
here , at the border of guinea and sierra leone , canoes that serve as water taxis stand ready to ferry passengers between the two countries .
many people live and work on opposite sides of the river and use these water taxis to ferry across .
the most common type of boat is displayed in the photo , and a long stick is used to push the water taxi from one side to the other .
once across , people travel by foot or motor taxi to reach their destination as there are almost no cars found in this area , ” said cdc disease detective kelsey mirkovic .
photo credit : angela dunn/cdc cdc disease detective angela dunn accompanied a burial team as they traveled to a small nomadic settlement in sierra leone .
one of the country’s most successful efforts has been the ministry of health’s programs to ensure safe burials .
burial teams respond to every death , burying each body safely within 24 hours of hearing that someone has died .
the day this photo was taken , eight burial team members had driven two hours from magburaka , the capital of tonkolili district , to the end of the road .
from there , they hiked a mile to the river where they took dugout canoes to make the crossing .
they then hiked almost four more miles to the settlement , which regularly shifted locations as the community moved its cows to graze in new areas .
a guide helped the team find their way .
the team was quiet and respectful of the families and the bodies , and once the burial was done , they went to another village to repeat the process .
they do this several times a day and then return to magburaka to their quarters at the hospital there .
they do this day after day , not returning to their families , but doing a very necessary task .
they are some of the true heroes of this epidemic , ” said dunn .
photo credit : loren rodgers/cdc guinea , liberia , and sierra leone , which all border the atlantic ocean , have many seaside cities , towns , and villages .
the people of kassa and tamara ( fotoba ) , islands off the coast of guinea’s capital of conakry , make their living from the sea , primarily as fishermen and ferrymen for locals and foreigners alike .
in november , cdc diseases detectives richard franka and loren rodgers , together with local public health physicians hamidou diallo , barry mamadou billo aye , and oularé bakary , visited kassa and fotoba to conduct and evaluate contact tracing , the essential process of finding and keeping up with the health of all those who came in contact with someone with ebola .
here franka is pulling in the pirogue , a small handmade boat that brought them to the islands .
to contain an outbreak and prevent disease from spreading , public health servants often have to go where ailing people and pathogens are .
cities , villages , islands , deserts or forests .
sometimes it means riding long hours in the car on bumpy and muddy roads , other times walking or riding a bike , wading across the river , flying in a small airplane or helicopter or taking a boat , kayak or other floating devices .
and that’s what we have been doing in west africa to prevent ebola from spreading .
all those field trips have one thing in common , however .
at the end there is an enormous gratification from meeting wonderful people , helping those in need and saving lives – sometimes dozens or hundreds at a time , ” said franka .
photo credit : david blackley/cdc sometimes the only way to get where you need to go with everything you need to bring with you is by air .
while in liberia in october , cdc disease detective david blackley was part of a rite ( rapid isolation and treatment for ebola ) team headed to rural gbarpolu county .
the rite teams , which are the creation of the liberian ministry of health and social welfare , cdc , who , and unicef , move quickly into communities where active ebola transmission is suspected .
they have been instrumental in rapidly extinguishing outbreaks in remote areas of liberia .
we brought in important infection prevention supplies such as personal protective equipment , chlorine mix , hand pumps , plenty of water , food , and tents .
we could never have walked all that in .
when we left after three days , we had to hike four hours back to the st. paul river , cross the river in a dugout canoe , and then meet our peace corps driver for the four hour trip back to monrovia.” photo credit : rebecca hall/cdc rebecca hall took this photo from the window of a un helicopter as she and fellow cdc disease detective laura eloyan and cdc medical officer david blaney traveled from monrovia to yekepa in northern nimba county , liberia .
the helicopter turned the 10-hour land journey in into a two-hour trip by air , and provided the opportunity to appreciate the rolling hills and beautiful landscape of this part of africa .
hall says the billowing smoke on the left of the view is typical of africa , where fires are common .
in fact , many remark on africa’s pervasive background fragrance of smoke and burning , particularly in rural areas .
while the smoke seen in the photo may be coming from an agricultural burn or a fire set to clear an area within a forest , within villages charcoal fires are used for cooking and burning trash is the primary method of waste disposal .
hall and eloyan were traveling to help the community of yekepa and the mining company based there make plans to help the contacts of a young girl who had ebola and had been brought from guinea to yekepa for health care .
photo credit : ehealth africa early in the ebola response we recognized that transportation would be a challenge .
that’s why i am so grateful for the cdc foundation and their quick work to help solve the problem .
this photo was taken in guinea as i stood surrounded by 325 motorcycles purchased thanks to the generosity of foundation donors .
in addition to the motorcycles , 206 four-wheel drive vehicles being used in guinea , liberia and sierra leone were purchased with the help of a donation by facebook founder and ceo mark zuckerberg and his wife dr. priscilla chan .
the vehicles are serving many purposes including transporting patients , the bodies of the deceased , lab samples , staff , and supplies and equipment throughout the region .
with so many critical and urgent needs in west africa , these vehicles are going a long way to speed us along on the road to stopping this epidemic and protecting the people of the world .
video transcript transcript for close friend of ebola infected nurse nina pham talks about her state so of course i have been able to contact nina and whether it 's texting and -- -- that -- -- you know keep in contact that are .
just about how she 's feel me -- is being inundated and overwhelmed by different -- she 's so -- -- is n't feel happy like doubts about .
her care -- -- that he 's been .
really upbeat and its spirit i do n't feel like down and depressed -- -- properties and in his -- i got them talking in macedonia says she 's consistently she is .
mainly clear and texting right now -- and she did n't face time .
this fear that 's been sweeping the nation she -- -- their owners she like -- said she has .
she did it was a large part -- training me and and are n't .
and i did learn a lot from -- and so she 's been great source of inspiration so many people including myself so i never really doubted that -- had made any kind of mistake going and i that we she had followed an abiding by all the protocols and -- cdc -- what they recommended that she just recently passed it pretty grueling examination the ccr and which .
has the ability and knowledge the skills to take care very critical patients because of her skills and she is able to think -- on the dime much .
that topped acne in about this situation and began adding she would n't hesitate to take care spending and and i -- actually matt anderson fashion as macy 's .
over this -- this transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
thanks daisy… 1johnconnor1 i continue to be on defcon2 , monitoring the news .
any hint of a pandemic will result in a upgrade .
morale to the story , remain vigilant all ns you post scare stories in all caps about ebola and how to survive the coming apocalypse .
then tell people not to panic ?
journalism at its finest *rolls eyes* hal hey , man , this is the daily scheeple , a no journalism zone .
markww here’s something to think about as to ebola .
anything they touch has the disease for days from a pen to a atm , .
taxi’s over seas had ebola where the person was sitting .
someone needs to check it out i read it during the last couple days trying to absorb much about ebola .
too many people on both sides saying different stories as to air borne , some yes some no .
lets get on the same page .
since there is no cure now no medications the only thing is that the virus can spread due to mistakes like the hospital .
did they open the flood gate .
kendra krebs i’m prepped and ready , but when should you quarantine , when there’s one confirmed case in your area , or more ? ?
whiteaglesoaring the original ebola symptoms were truly hemorrhagic , which means there was a lot of blood leaking out of eyes , nose , mouth , all orifices , and even through the skin .
have you seen any images of these symptoms on the internet ?
70 % of liberians have cellphones with camera and access to the internet .
not one photo of legitimate ebola symptoms ?
oh , just weeks ago , the who changed the description of ebola , claiming that hemorrhaging was rare for this hemorrhagic fever .
does that tell you something about ebola or about the world health organization ?
ebola had been described as genetically stable .
now we have reports about mutations , hundreds of them…that’s not normal for a stable genetic system .
if this is anything , it is not the original ebola , it’s something engineered .
the hospital in dallas that sent the sick man home with antibiotics were not following protocol .
the government employees in customs let the doctor flying in from guatemala with a hazmat suit , goggles , face mask , with “the cdc is lying” emblazoned across his suit back was asked only was whether or not he had any tobacco or alcohol on him .
are they taking this panic seriously ?
obama is sending 3,000 of our troops into the epidemic zone…of course , there will be another ooops when they come back sick or in body bags .
how did could several african women with ebola be cured in 2 days and walk out of the hospital healthy ?
are you getting what is wrong with this picture ?
scot fourowls center for infectious disease research and policy director michael t. osterholm recently stated that virologists are “loathe to discuss openly but are definitely considering in private , the possibility that ebola has gone airborne.” ( source : inquisitr.com .
once there’s a human population contagion spread as likely in dallas , ebola can then go dormant in lower carrier animals for months to years .
nobody knows all the animals outside africa that might be possible carriers .
once ebola is released to a country and in its geographic dna , the horror show is staged to happen .
this is why most countries ( but not the u.s. in 2014 ) sanely and safely block travelers from ebola-infected countries during human outbreaks .
before august 2014 canada public health website had stated : “… airborne spread among humans is strongly suspected , although it has not yet been conclusively demonstrated.” now canada’s website states : “in laboratory settings , non-human primates exposed to aerosolized ebolavirus from pigs have become infected , however , airborne transmission has not been demonstrated between non-human primates.” yet virologists strongly suspect … justsayin’ truth be told , the only folks who will panic will be the ones who didn’t prepare .
people have been warned for several years now of what’s going on , whether it be pandemic , financial crisis , etc..
if you didn’t take it seriously , then you may pay the price .
start prepping now , and don’t delay another day !
jim_robert yup.. “just” three months too late to implement the flying restrictions .
hope this didn’t interrupt obama’s tee off time at his zillion and one golf games since this issue first broke in the summer .
if you were this incompetent at your job , you would be fired in a day .
the issue is not that this is out of hand yet – that is still tbd .
rather , it is that the feckless , incompetents in the obungler administration let it get to this point .
people screamed about hurricane katrina .
this could be a million times worse , but whether it is or not , the utter ncompetence and disregard for human life – while putting on the 16th green took priority – is utterly staggering .
but , that shouldn’t stop the “yes we can/yes we have no bananas” chanters from still voting leftist in a month .
i love the company i work for.. we stock all of these items .
along with the water barrels , freeze dried foods , guns , ammunition , camping gear .
i go to work with a smile on my face and a song in my heart everyday !
falcon195 ebola panic is the new media catchphrase .
presumably we americans are over concerned with ebola and should knock it off .
a handful of parents have removed their children from schools and that’s about it .
no substantial runs on supermarkets or numbers of people afraid to work or public protest .
many americans have common sense concerning the ebola virus and are conversant regarding the related health and social issues .
rather than panicking , we send our cogent and respectful concerns to the media and our representatives and our president .
after all , we have broad access to knowledge and people thanks to the internet .
our most important priority is preventing ebola from gaining a foothold in america .
we must lock down our borders and test or quarantine high-risk people who enter the country .
cursory screening that does not detect asymptomatic ebola infected people is unacceptable .
those are strong measures and are an abundance of caution , but entirely fitting given our nations vulnerabilities .
the unprecedented outbreak of ebola in africa , the war with isil , open borders , unrestricted travel , and the upcoming flu season present serious problems .
while our law enforcement officers canvas our nation continually for terrorists , our health care providers must rule out ebola in each and every flu-like case .
each of thousands of patients must be tested or quarantined , and aggressively treated if they are infected with ebola .
our highly leveraged infrastructure is also vulnerable .
not so much from terrorist attack or from millions of people being sickened or dying from ebola , but from the impacts of a sizable number of people choosing not to work to avoid infection .
the resulting shortages and economic decline could be substantial .
even direct government intervention is possible should our healthcare system , basic necessities infrastructure , or financial services be seriously degraded .
of course , such interventions would need to pass the litmus tests of scope and necessity .
closing our borders and restricting travel is a small price to pay to insure against an easily foreseen potential for a national calamity .
many americans understand this and would gladly endure the associated hardships of finite duration to defend our nation against ebola .
do n't forget to like us on facebook and follow on twitter .
it was reported yesterday that a patient suspected to be infected with the dreaded ebola virus has died in port harcourt , rivers state .
and despite denials by rivers state health commissioner , sampson parker at a press conference yesterday , who insisted that ebola did not kill the victim , but fever and diarrhoea , new reports contradict him .
nigeria’s health minister , prof. onyebuchi chukwu confirmed that the dead man was a ph doctor named ikye enemoah , and he died on friday aug. 22nd after treating a diplomat who had direct contact with patrick sawyer .
he said laboratory analysis on his corpse showed he died from ebola .
the wife has been quarantined and the diplomat under surveillance .
an official of the rivers state government also confirmed that one patient has indeed died of the ebola virus disease in ph .
the official , who asked not to be named because she was not authorized to speak with journalists , said , “forget yesterday’s press conference , ebola is in port harcourt , and someone has died .
we are now scrambling to track everybody who was in contact with him.” the doctor’s hospital , good heart hospital , as well as the hotel where he treated the diplomat , have been shut down .
as of today , 28th of august , 70 people in port harcourt who had primary and secondary contacts with the doctor and the hospital where he worked have now been put under surveillance in a bid to stop the spread of the deadly virus in the city .
this development is a set back to nigeria’s effort to contain the deadly virus .
on tuesday , the minister of health had announced that the country had succeeded in halting the spread of the virus in the country .
geelong scientists infect ferrets in hunt for vaccine against lethal ebola strains updated july 30 , 2014 20:10:24 australian researchers are using ferrets to understand the deadly ebola virus at the csiro in geelong , but say a vaccine would not come fast enough to stop the current outbreak .
cameron best if you have inside knowledge of a topic in the news , contact the abc .
features aurora australis on social media by candice marshall the swirls , twists , and curtains of light of the aurora australis were visible from the australian and new zealand mainland overnight .
from bionic bras to 3d-printed stem cells rapid advances in 3d printing are set to change everything from medicine to clothing .
australian scientists are using the technology to make long dreamed of projects possible , and it may not be long before bionic bras hit the shelves and 3d-printed organs become available .
ebola case confirmed in port harcourt by victor azubuike on august 28 , 2014 though the state government is yet to come out with an official statement , dailypost can reliably report that an unnamed doctor , had secretly treated a ...
battling ebola : is human activity to blame ?
human ecology may hold key to longer-term solution says cas prof in the map above , forest cover loss and gain is shown from january 2001 through december 2012 across western and central africa .
click here to see an interactive version of this map on the global forest watch website .
08.07.2014 by amy laskowski share it !
1 on august 2 , the first of two sickened american health care workers was flown from africa to a special containment unit at emory university .
despite the risk of infection , medical personnel continue to travel to west africa to help bring under control the worst ebola outbreak on record , which according to the world health organization ( who ) has killed more than 900 as of august 6. who plans to spend $ 100 million to fight the outbreak , and the centers for disease control and prevention will send 50 more disease control workers .
in this weeklong special report , bu today talks to boston university researchers in several fields about why medical personnel confront the risks ; the ethical and political dilemmas presented by the outbreak ; how the virus kills ; efforts to design effective therapies ; and other aspects of this unprecedented outbreak of ebola .
human impact on the environment may be partially to blame for the deadliest-ever ebola outbreak spreading through west africa , researchers say .
global warming , logging , and road construction have put humans in closer contact with infected bats and gorillas .
he is a faculty fellow for the frederick s. pardee center for the study of the longer-range future , associate director of the african studies center , chair of archaeology , and a professor of history .
he is also a guggenheim and fulbright fellow .
his numerous books include green land , brown land , black land : an environmental history of africa , 1800–1900 ; stirring the pot : the tastes and textures of african cookery ; and maize and grace : africa’s encounter with a new world crop , 1500–2000 , which won the 2006 george perkins marsh prize as the best book on environmental history from the american society for environmental history .
bu today : how is human activity in africa spreading the ebola virus ?
mccann : with the ebola outbreak in the congo in 1995 , tropical medical specialists were associating it with monkeys and forest-based activities , and now in this outbreak they have shifted to bats as a key link to transmission .
this is a situation that is quite fluid because they understand the disease and what it looks like when there is an outbreak .
the question is , how do you treat it , how do you avoid transmission ?
if you look at earlier examples of not just forest change , but ecological change brought on by human activities , this bears some resemblance to the 1918 spanish flu .
that was a communicable disease with no vector involved ; in other words there was not an insect vector that would explain the transmission , as with mosquito vectors and malaria .
it’s a hemorrhagic fever that comes with contact with bodily fluids , even if exchanged by touching or by breathing .
if you follow the spanish flu’s movement , it moved according to lines of transportation and communication .
so people who got the disease , you could follow railway tracks .
it came to africa via a ship , ironically to sierra leone , one of the current areas affected by ebola .
if we look at this [ ebola outbreak ] ecologically , there are two different forest systems in play .
in the 1995 outbreak in the congo , it was one outbreak , people died at a very high mortality rate , but it seemed to have died out .
that outbreak occurred in the congolian forest .
now ebola has found its way into the upper guinea forest , which is a different forest system .
but it seems to be spread , just in terms of a hypothesis , because of the interaction between human changes and landscape .
the presence of bats and other forest-dwelling mammals seems to be a key factor .
the forest , which is in transition from either deforestation or other kinds of interaction between the forest and settled areas , seems to be the factor why ebola is suddenly popping up again .
forest change in west africa may have brought humans closer to forest primates , which are natural reservoir of the ebola virus .
photo by flickr user jbdodane is deforestation a major issue in western africa ?
the area where the recent ebola outbreak is taking place is actually going through a process of reforestation , or rather forest change .
a lot of the area , which is inhabited , is regenerating forest .
with that being the case , it’s a transitional zone where people are coming into closer contact with the forest ecology .
just like i have raccoons and skunks near my suburban house , that kind of local landscape transition promotes new kinds of habitat and the new kinds of interactions between humans and the natural world that have been taking place in the west african forest ecology .
so i wouldn’t say it’s deforestation , i would say it’s landscape change .
deforestation is too simplistic a term .
our reaction , understandably , is to respond to ebola as a biomedical crisis , and to some degree it is , and the solution may come from the immediate treatment of patients .
but the larger issue is the transition in ecological terms of human-natural interactions .
i think that’s where the longer-term solution will come from—understanding what happens when you begin to transform human ecology .
in your book green land , brown land , black land , you discuss the dangers of forest change , changing climate , and rising ocean temperatures .
what other human ecological issues is africa dealing with ?
there are massive changes that have to do with population growth and movement , urbanization , which is not simply the removal of everything .
it’s the increased interaction between the natural world , which includes factories of disease , and human settlement .
when you have an area of forest that is either preserved or interacts more directly with humans , that’s where we see ebola , both in the 1995 outbreak and now .
these areas have also just been through political crises to a large degree .
guinea has serious economic problems that accompany political unrest ; liberia went through civil war and a dislocation of all of the practices of health care .
with those things going through a transformation , i think that’s why ebola suddenly emerges .
it happens to be a very deadly virus with a high mortality rate , so it really captures the world’s attention .
it’s especially capturing people’s attention because doctors are coming down with the disease , which was also true with influenza earlier in the twentieth century .
what are some of the lessons learned from previous outbreaks and how are those informing how we deal with this current crisis ?
we’ve learned more about it and identifying the transition from the human links to its setting in nature .
in this case it’s either bats or the eating of forest materials , proteins that may have promoted it .
but simply the changing context of the ecology brings about disease .
malaria , after all , came out of the beginning of the movement of the forest very early on .
for malaria , it was early contact between the people who were coming out of a forest and had natural immunity and people who didn’t have the immunity .
it has to do with the human ecology interface .
ebola is one version of that , but there are many others .
the lesson is that ecology really matters for health .
it’s as much ecology as it is biomedicine .
that , i think , is the lesson .
sure there’s a biomedical understanding of malaria , but it doesn’t help us suppress or understand the disease .
ebola may well be a similar situation .
the historical analogy will be valuable to keep in mind .
does west africa have the infrastructure in place to fight this outbreak ?
it’s very limited , partially because the infrastructure for health care delivery is not there .
when you have an outbreak , there are people who don’t have access to health care , or their health care is very limited .
that’s a connection to politics .
and the role of local belief systems about disease may be at play here , too .
on the news we are seeing many mission health centers , but not well-supplied clinics , in guinea and liberia .
the delivery of primary health care is an issue .
the first doctors who have contracted ebola are missionaries , who often are the first to treat patients in affected areas .
the setting is the forest ecology .
the upper guinea forest is separate from the congolian forest , and there are different characteristics , but nonetheless , people are moving out , clearing land for settlements and small towns .
it creates a whole new mix of things , out of which comes disease , like ebola .
this week , the liberian government has started to insist that ebola victims be cremated .
does this fall in line with west african beliefs ?
you’re finding that cremation is suggested by the medical folks as a way of trying to stop transmission .
cremation is not a usual practice ; in cities , it’s becoming a little more common , but it’s not a practice in most african societies .
that would be a christian burial .
the burial practices vary from society to society .
if you’re roman catholic or muslim and you live in rural guinea , you’re likely to be less receptive to the idea of cremation than people in other areas .
culture will play a role in treatment and response .
there is a great variety of practices in africa .
in general , it’s fair to say that cremation is not a universally applicable way of dealing with the dead .
tomorrow : why researchers need to work with deadly pathogens .
read all stories in our series “battling ebola” here .
ebola response in liberia rolls on by andré stelder |4 february 2015| africa , blog , conflicts and disasters , emergencies , emergencies in west africa - ebola , health , liberia , netherlands | this page is also available in : french , spanish the ebola epidemic in west africa has killed almost 9000 people , infected 22,000 and decimated the weak healthcare systems of sierra leone , guinea and liberia .
the worst outbreak of ebola now appears to be slowing , especially in liberia which now has just a handful of cases .
the caritas response continues in liberia with more aid arriving as staff member andré stelder reports .
unloading a caritas shipment in liberia .
credit caritas a pickup truck donated by cordaid ( caritas netherlands ) has been cleared at the port .
it’s now in the compound awaiting registration and insurance .
containers with aid have been unloaded from the dutch ship karel doorman .
they’re being stored in mother pattern college of health sciences , still closed to students because of the epidemic .
the national catholic health council and the clinics in liberia have been working relentlessly from day one of the ebola crisis to address the medical issues .
they are grateful for every container with medical supplies coming in .
currently , the most direly needed supplies were the gynecologic gloves as they were almost out of stock .
ebola protocol requires wearing double pairs of gloves during deliveries and examination .
except for protective gear for the catholic clinics , there were also buckets , soap , chlorine tablets , bleach and thermos guns .
besides that , seven off-the-road motorbikes were on board , which will allow caritas staff to carry the ebola message to the most remote villages .
sr. barbara , the dean of the mother pattern college of health sciences , ardently monitored the offloading , seated on a chair with her broken foot in a cast .
she compared the quantities offloaded with her shipping documents .
luckily everything seemed to be in order , with the exception of only two damaged buckets out of 5500 delivered .
an ambulance donated by caritas senegal appeared to have been meant for guinea , but as guinea then probably received the ambulance meant for liberia it is just a matter of exchanging the documents .
sr. barbara , the dean of the mother pattern college of health sciences , ardently monitored the offloading , seated on a chair with her broken foot in a cast .
credit : caritas the recruitment of staff for the project has been completed , and a team of professionals started monday 2 february .
the first training of volunteers from the counties bordering sierra leone took place last week in bopulu by the hiv team of the college of health sciences .
the stigmatisation attached to ebola is similar to hiv so they’re a good resource .
there was also the first reporting to the bishops’ conference .
the bishop of gbarnga , cape palmas and the archbishop of monrovia are all very much involved and give their advice based on their long experience attending to communities in liberia .
after the medical intervention , now the humanitarian “aftercare” is getting on track .
ebola has almost subsided , but the aftermath of the epidemic will be felt in communities for a long time to come .
now our focus is providing support , especially counseling , to the survivors , the most affected families and the orphans .
our coverage of other caritas work:
io9 hide as the ongoing ebola epidemic rages in west africa , it 's becoming increasingly obvious that the protective suits worn by healthcare workers are extremely inadequate .
to address this , researchers as johns hopkins have designed a new suit that should dramatically reduce infection risk .
100 % fighting ebola : un foundation president and ceo kathy calvin by u.s. department of state kathy calvin the president and chief executive officer of the united nations foundation discusses the ebola outbreak and the un foundation’s ebola response .
top 4 ways icts can help defeat the ebola crisis the ebola outbreak in west africa is increasingly becoming an international crisis .
recently the world health organization counted 5,843 cases of ebola patients and 2,811 deaths .
even more tragic , the number deaths occurring outside hospitals are not usually recorded , meaning the numbers could actually be significantly higher .
the cdc ( us centers for disease control and prevention ) predicts there if we don’t do anything to stop ebola in its tracks , the world will have 1.4 million cases before we hit february 2015 .
how does this ebola outbreak compare to others in the past ?
so what can the ict community do ?
icts ( information and communications technology ) have already made drastic positive differences to healthcare workers around the world , and defeating the ebola crisis should be no different .
here are four ways aid workers should embrace icts to make a bigger impact : more drones should be used to airlift medicine and supplies .
since aid organizations are continuously crossing borders and healthcare workers don’t always have proper equipment to keep themselves safe , a flying drone can prove useful to send medical supplies to remote locations .
it would act as a simple way to either stop or slow down the spread of the ebola virus .
drones would in no way replace doctors , but they could provide a safer alternative than people travelling to dangerous areas just to deliver materials .
a 24-hour helpline of doctors should be readily available by skype , google hangout , or video chat .
online video calls would be able to provide consistent and accurate medical information to those living in rural areas .
they would also decrease the need for doctors to be on the ground all the time .
finally , residents living in rural areas would be able to report cases more quickly , therefore allowing the who and other organizations to collect more accurate numbers on the outbreak .
apps providing correct information on ebola should be offered to local community leaders .
fear and cultural insensitivity sometimes deny international aid workers access to areas where often their help is most needed .
provide local community leaders the same information via apps so they can share it with their own neighbors and friends .
this can be done easily on any mobile device , and the apps should be made in or translated into local languages and dialects .
in addition , the articles , content , and news stories on the app should be updated nearly every day , making the latest news and information available to entire communities .
access to social media will help sensitize others to the seriousness of this outbreak .
so many west africans enjoy facebook , twitter , whatsapp , and other social networking sites .
these social media tools should be put to work since users are already enjoying those platforms .
as one writer puts it , “using modern day technology to sensitize the public on the virus , its prevention and particularly the importance of early intervention could be key in preventing the continuation of deaths in high numbers.” icts can make a profound impact on scaling back the devastating effect that ebola has had on sierra leone and other parts of western africa .
it’s time to nail down the best strategies to save precious lives around the world .
inveneo has been working to provide the best icts for communities in need for over 10 years .
if you would like to help inveneo continue its ict projects around the world , please donate today !
genomics , medicine , and pseudoscience by steven salzberg on 10/05/2014 11:16:00 am countries in which ebola virus has appeared in the past .
i never thought i’d find myself agreeing with louisiana governor bobby jindal .
but this week , governor jindal called for a ban on air travel to the u.s. from the countries where the epidemic is present .
he’s right : a flight ban is the best way to keep ebola from spreading. in the world of infectious diseases , we often hear the phrase that the next epidemic is “one flight away” from the u.s. that’s true—but we don’t usually know where that flight will originate , so we can’t simply ban all flights to the u.s. from everywhere .
with ebola , though , we know the source : the epidemic is confined to liberia , sierra leone , and guinea. as the ebola crisis has grown in west africa , the need to stop its spread has grown ever more urgent .
the number of cases is now over 20,000 , and the cdc estimates that by january , liberia and sierra leone will have 1.4 million people with ebola infections .
the ebola virus has no treatment and no cure , although some promising research is under way ( as i’ve written about previously ) .
according to the who , t he ebola fatality rate is 50 % .
this makes it one of the deadliest diseases known to affect humans .
and now , alarmingly , ebola has appeared in the u.s. , in an airplane passenger who traveled from liberia to texas .
this one individual has exposed as many as 114 others , all of whom are now being followed by the cdc .
in a press briefing yesterday , cdc director tom frieden offered this reassurance : “we know how to stop outbreaks of ebola. in this country , we have health care infection control and public health systems that are tried and true and will stop before there 's any widespread transmission. the core of that , the way to stop ebola in its tracks is contact tracing , and follow-up.” dr. frieden is correct that we can stop an outbreak , if we can find everyone exposed and quarantine those who might be infected .
but he dismissed the notion of simply banning travel : “although we might wish we could seal ourselves off from the world , there are americans who have the right of return. there are many other people who have the right to enter into this country.” i 'm not arguing that we should “seal ourselves off from the world .
this would not be a difficult ban to implement and enforce .
for americans who wish to return from those countries , we can require a quarantine protocol , which the cdc already has in place at many airports .
as jindal said : `` how exactly would stopping the entry of people potentially carrying the ebola virus be counterproductive ?
this seems to be an obvious step to protect public health in the united states.” cdc director frieden also revealed yesterday that in the month of september , screening at airports in african countries has turned away 77 people who had signs of possible ebola infection , including 17 in the month of september .
although frieden used this example to illustrate the effectiveness of cdc’s screening program , it also shows that sick people are trying to board planes to the u.s. as the outbreak grows , it will grow increasingly difficult to keep all ebola-infected passengers—who do n't show signs of infection for several days—off those planes .
director frieden is correct that we can stop outbreaks of ebola here , because we live in a modern country with good infection control systems .
but prevention is better than control .
so much as i hate to admit it , bobby jindal is right : we need a travel ban if we want to keep the ebola virus out of the u.s .
why travel bans will only make the ebola epidemic worse updated by julia belluz and steven hoffman on october 17 , 2014 , 10:45 a.m .
et a man dressed in protective hazmat clothing leaves after treating the front porch and sidewalk of an apartment where a texas nurse diagnosed with the ebola virus lives .
mike stone/getty images do n't miss stories .
yesterday , the calls for a travel ban escalated at a congressional hearing on the epidemic , making it seem like a political eventuality .
the fear of spread is understandable , especially as an ebola outbreak appears poised to grow closer to home .
america recently recorded its first ebola death with the passing of a liberian visitor thomas duncan , and the cdc announced the first-ever cases of ebola transmission to two of duncan 's nurses .
as ebola panic peaks , conspiracy theories are spreading fast .
so now is the time when we need to check our irrational reactions to this horrible crisis and avoid policies that will divert scarce resources from actual remedies .
and we know from past experience that airport screening and travel bans are more about quelling the public 's fears and political expediency than offering any real boost to public health security .
airport screening is political theater ebola screenings underway at new york 's jfk airport .
passengers arriving from sierra leone , guinea and liberia to five us airports will now be questioned about potential ebola exposure and have their temperatures checked .
exit screening has already been underway in west africa since the summer , and famously failed in the case of duncan .
he flew to dallas with ebola incubating in his body , and did not disclose the fact that he had close contact with a dying ebola patient days before his trip .
a canadian study showed that airport screening during the 2003 sars pandemic did n't detect a single case .
this failure should n't be a surprise .
we know from past outbreaks that these techniques do n't work .
entry and exit screening was used during the 2003 sars pandemic .
a canadian study of the public-health response following the outbreak found that airport screening was a waste of money and human resources : it did n't detect a single case of the disease .
this screening was `` inefficient and ineffective , '' the authors of the assessment concluded , noting that the canadian public health agency should seriously rethink using it again in the future .
another study found that those clunky and costly thermal scanners used to detect fever in airports were similarly useless when it came to singling out sick people who are trying to enter a country .
so spending extra money to identify feverish people at airports — especially those with ebola who can be undetectable for days until they are symptomatic — is an expensive and ineffectual exercise .
closing borders would be a disaster liberian army and us marine engineers work to set up a landing zone next to an ebola treatment center in tubmanburg , liberia .
allow ebola to fester over there , and keep people safe over here .
in opposing this idea , public health experts unanimously agree : sealing borders will not stop ebola spread and will only exacerbate the crisis in west africa — and heighten the risk of a global pandemic .
there are three reasons why it 's a crazy idea .
the first is that it just wo n't work to stop the virus .
the weeks following 9/11 , when people stopped getting on planes , provided influenza researchers with a natural experiment in what a travel ban might do to viral spread .
they found it did n't stop influenza from moving , it only delayed flu season by a couple of weeks .
what 's more , the researchers did n't measure whether this delay actually reduced flu cases or saved lives .
but a look at the cdc data shows that flu deaths actually massively spiked during the 2001-2002 flu season , rising from about 3,900 the year before to more than 13,000 post-9/11 .
writing in the washington post , laurie garrett — senior fellow for global health at the council on foreign relations — pointed out : `` many nations have banned flights from other countries in recent years in hopes of blocking the entry of viruses , including sars and h1n1 'swine flu , ' '' she added .
90 percent of any outbreak 's economic costs `` come from irrational and disorganized efforts of the public to avoid infection .
dr. anthony fauci , director of the national institute of allergy and infectious diseases , said , `` to completely seal off and do n't let planes in or out of the west african countries involved , then you could paradoxically make things much worse in the sense that you ca n't get supplies in , you ca n't get help in , you can't get the kinds of things in there that we need to contain the epidemic .
the problem with this idea is that responses to humanitarian crises are not well-organized affairs .
a bureaucratic regime that systematically screens who can go in and out of affected countries would only slow down or make impossible the much-needed relief .
plus , many aid workers — like reserve staff for doctors without borders — would be responsible for booking their own tickets to get to the affected region .
how would they do this then ?
and how long would it take to get them over there ?
the third reason closing borders is nuts is that it will devastate the economies of west africa and further destroy the limited health systems there .
the world bank already estimates this outbreak could cost west african economies up to $ 33 billion .
that 's a lot for any country , but especially when you 're talking about some of the world 's poorest .
world health organization director margaret chan reminded us that 90 percent of any outbreak 's economic costs `` come from irrational and disorganized efforts of the public to avoid infection .
we do n't know when the next one will strike , or where , but we know it will eventually come .
in the health field , we even know approximately what it will look like .
every few years , for example , we seem to get another global pandemic that spreads across borders as if they do n't exist .
in 2002 it was sars , then in 2009 it was swine flu .
in five year 's time it will be something else .
if we know these health crises are coming , why is it that we never seem ready ?
it 's true that we ca n't prepare for every kind of outbreak in every place at every time ; having a large standing army of white coated doctors at the ready would just be too expensive .
but there is no reason we ca n't use the lessons learned from past outbreaks to make better choices in this time of ebola .
we also need to stop diverting precious resources on policies and procedures that do nothing to help the public .
instead of using airport screening and entertaining plans to seal borders , the government should focus its attention and resources on west africa where the outbreak is out of control and where real action could actually be helpful in protecting america 's health security .
because we know this for sure : the longer ebola rages on in west africa , the more people get the disease there , the more of a chance it has of spreading elsewhere .
three people in the us have been stricken by ebola ; more than 8,000 have in west africa .
the best way to avoid more cases in america is by protecting west africans .
terrorists are actually called terrorists !
tue , 17 mar 2015 22:34:14 +0000 en-us
valentine’s shouldn’t be only once a year when it comes to love one day more than any other comes to mind and that’s valentine’s day .
whatever you’re personally opinions it’s difficult to not think about love on that special day on february 14th each year .
of course it’s also a popular day for marriage proposals , so love is certainly in the air .
all you need is some of your favorite valentine’s day ribbon and a little time !
the finished product is so nice that this simple valentine’s day craft would really make a great valentine’s day gifts [ … ]
nrn studies the experience of ebola at aafp 's 2014 assembly , aafp member dr. kent brantly delivered a poignant first-person account of contracting the virus while on a medical mission trip to liberia .
his address to a packed ballroom in washington , dc , ended with a standing ovation from 3,500 of his peers .
dr. brantly named 'person of the year ' because of his sacrifice and perseverance , dr. brantly , along with four other ebola fighters , earned time magazine 's coveted 'person of the year ' distinction for 2014 .
video transcript transcript for maine governor asks kaci hickox to prove she 's ebola-free now to the standoff over ebola .
maine nurse kaci hickox , defying her quarantine , biking around the home town .
they 're trying to get her to take a test to prove she does n't have the disease .
good morning , linzie janis .
she is inside her home where she remained after that ride .
but tensions are rising here as she and state officials failed to reach an agreement on her quarantine .
this morning , kaci hickox under fire for taking this bike ride with her boyfriend , disobeying the state 's demand she stay quarantined inside her home .
she was followed by police in an unmarked car as she tries to show the world she 's healthy and is n't a risk to others .
her defiance angering the governor .
she told us she was going to do it .
she 's playing with my patience .
reporter : the state now intends to ask a judge to force the nurse to take another ebola test , sounding off in a radio interview .
if there 's no signs of ebola on the 14th day , i would be comfortable to let her have more space .
reporter : she 's staying away from the general public .
the police chief bringing her groceries , her favorite pizza place bringing her dinner .
the owner of the moose shack said they were worried that she might show up at the restaurant and did n't want her making that delivery .
we got a call back a few times saying do n't touch her money .
there could be germs on it .
reporter : late thursday , her boyfriend telling reporters fear over ebola is keeping him away from nursing school .
they told us you were voluntarily not coming to classes .
you know voluntarily is one of those things that people might say when they tell you ca n't come to classes .
in new york , reports that health care workers treating ebola patient dr. craig spencer are being shunned .
one denied a haircut by the stylist who 's been cutting her hair for years .
the mayor tweeting , we 're new yorkers , we do n't give into fear .
especially when the facts show there 's nothing to be afraid of .
she has been in contact with the legal team about what move to make in the showdown .
this transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
keep up-to-date with the latest information tue , 17 mar 2015 09:16:21 +0000 hourly
ebola victims all news on ebola victims you can read here .
this page contains 4 articles about ebola victims .
please follow us and share latest ebola victims news on facebook , twitter and google+ .
in ebola victims news since 2015-01-22 16:10:07 .
facebookemail twitter google+ linkedin pinterest 9 things to know about the ebola virus - ebola is not an airborne virus .
a link has been posted to your facebook feed .
join the conversation to find out more about facebook commenting please read the conversation guidelines and faqs 9 things to know about the ebola virus wfaa 9:08 p.m. cdt september 30 , 2014 undated : in this handout from the center for disease control ( cdc ) , a colorized transmission electron micrograph ( tem ) of a ebola virus virion is seen .
as the ebola virus continues to spread across parts of africa , a second doctor infected with the disease has arrived in the u.s. for treatment .
other illnesses , such as influenza or malaria , are often ruled out before ebola testing .
most people who have become infected with ebola lived with or cared for an ill patient .
wfaa - in the rare event that a person infected with the ebola virus was unknowingly transported by air , the who advises that the risks to other passengers are low because of the close contact with body fluids required for infection .
right now , the best treatment for ebola is supportive care , including fluids , oxygen , rest and keeping blood pressure steady .
janet st. james talks with dallas county health director zachary thompson to get answers as a patient awaits a possible ebola diagnosis in dallas .
read or share this story : http : //www.kens5.com/story/news/local/texas/2014/09/30/ebola-facts-contagious-statistics/16513247/ more stories
dr. richard sacra working in west africa .
midday roundup : brantly donates blood to fellow ebola victim by lynde langdon posted sept. 12 , 2014 , 11:35 a.m .
doctors have treated rick sacra , a missionary doctor who contracted the ebola virus in liberia , with serum extracted from blood donated by kent brantly , a fellow physician who survived the disease .
with no approved medications to treat ebola , virus-fighting antibodies from the body of a survivor could help sacra heal more quickly .
brantly received a similar treatment from an african ebola survivor before he was evacuated to emory university hospital this summer .
sacra’s wife , debbie , said in a statement that her husband is slowly recovering at nebraska medical center .
could two senators from different sides of the aisle live together for a week ?
what if they were on a deserted island ?
jeff flake , r-ariz. , and martin heinrich , d-n.m. , did it , and they have video proof .
the discovery channel documented their week on a remote pacific island for the show rival survival , which will air later this fall .
flake is a veteran survivalist who invited heinrich along to show that republicans and democrats can work together .
neither is up for re-election this year , but control of the senate is up for grabs .
the u.s. government strong-armed yahoo into handing over user data to the national security agency ( nsa ) , the company claims .
yahoo tried to fight the nsa’s demands and was threatened with fines of $ 250,000 a day for refusing to comply .
the company lost the battle on appeal in the u.s.’s foreign intelligence surveillance court of review , which oversees requests for surveillance orders .
yahoo general counsel ron bell wrote on the company’s tumblr page that the internet giant thought the nsa’s request amounted to “unconstitutional and overbroad surveillance.” it plans to publish documents from the court proceedings that were recently declassified .
we see you’ve been enjoying the content on our exclusive member website .
ready to get unlimited access to all of world’s member content ?
get your risk-free , 30-day free trial membership right now .
it only takes a sec—and you don’t have to give us payment information right now .
forget the trial … make me a member !
two tragic cases of child abuse and neglect are making national headlines today .
a blackstone , mass. , woman was arrested thursday night after authorities found the remains of three babies hidden in her filthy , vermin-infested home .
four children were recently removed from the home and placed in state custody .
in south carolina , a single father has been charged with murdering his five children , driving around the south with their bodies in his cadillac escalade , and burying them in alabama .
as expected , south african judge thokozile masipa found olympic runner oscar pistorius guilty of culpable homicide in the death of his girlfriend , reeva steenkamp .
on valentine’s day 2013 , pistorius shot steenkamp multiple times through a closed bathroom door in his home .
he claimed he thought there was a burglar in the bathroom .
masipa agreed pistorius did not mean to kill steenkamp , but still caused her death with his irresponsible behavior .
he will be sentenced oct. 13 .
he could receive up to 15 years in prison , but probably will get a lighter sentence because of his lack of prior convictions .
pistorius was the famous “blade runner” of the 2012 london olympic games , so-named because of the shape of his prosthetic legs. lynde langdon lynde is an assistant editor for world digital .
she lives in wichita , kan. , with her husband and two daughters .
articles may not be reproduced without permission .
missionary groups plan evacuation from ebola area leave this field blank
the number of people killed by the ebola virus disease ( evd ) has reached 9,976 : who
let us all prepare for ebola author ( s ) africa health ; sep2014 , vol .
36 issue 6 , p7 source type opinion abstract the author discusses the important lessons he and his colleagues learned during the outbreak of ebola hemorrhagic fever in uganda in 2000 .
these lessons include the need for the government and health personnel to gain public trust , the role of technology in the diagnosis of new infections and the importance of strong primary healthcare strategies in controlling such outbreak .
he also emphasizes the impact of the disease on healthcare professionals .
accession # related articles two diseases , one health .
175 issue 13 , p310 the author discusses the one health approach , ebola virus and rabies awareness and prevention program , in the u.s .
the author states that part of the program is the conduct of several activities including world rabies day in september 2014 and the global health security agenda meeting held in ... outbreak .
90 issue 23 , p30 the article discusses an outbreak of the zaire species of the ebola virus in west african countries such as guinea , sierra leone , and liberia , noting concerns about how quickly the disease is spreading .
topics addressed include hospital conditions and methods for treating ebola in west africa , ...
29 issue 8 , p12 the article presents 2014 information on medical topics , including approval which welsh shadow health secretary darren millar voiced for spot checks of geriatric wards during hospital inspections and testimony which british health experts will give to a commons health committee on the ebola virus .
ebola cases break 8,000 as leaders say response has failed by : dswright thursday october 9 , 2014 5:52 am the world health system , such as it is , has “failed miserably” in its response to the recent ebola outbreak according to world bank president jim kim .
kim also said that due to those failures the disease will continue to spread throughout the world .
ebola has already killed over 3,800 people in west africa .
ebola cases have now surpassed 8,000 with the world health organization believing the numbers are likely larger due to under-reporting in countries such as liberia .
the health systems in west africa are seemingly inadequate to the task at hand .
secretary of state john kerry , in an op-ed for the washington post , said other countries had to “step up” to combat the ebola outbreak as the us has taken on most of the costs for the response effort as measured by the un donations .
the us has had its own ebola problems with thomas eric duncan who died earlier this week and may have infected others in the dallas , texas area .
i want to expand that effort with an urgent plea to countries around the world to step up even further .
while we are making progress , we are not where we need to be .
there are additional needs that have to be met in order for the global community to respond effectively to this challenge — and to make sure that we protect people in all of our countries .
those needs are described in these slides .
they show the very real need for more countries to move resources of specific kinds .
it is not just a question of sending people , though it is vital to send people .
but we need ebola treatment units .
we need mobile laboratories and staff .
by all accounts the response to the ebola virus outbreak in west africa has failed .
the virus has not been contained locally , regionally , or globally .
ebola has not only been found in the us but now has been found in the eu as a nurse in spain has been quarantined .
its spread within west africa remains unabated .
whether or not the global community can get its act together remains to be seen .
there does not seem to be any scalable plan to deal with the ebola outbreak nor movement to form one .
the hope seems to be that the virus will just dissipate in west africa after enough isolated people die and hence can not spread the disease through direct contact – yes , that’s the rosy scenario .
otherwise the disease will continue to spread with death a likely result for almost all those it touches .
terrorists are actually called terrorists !
wed , 18 mar 2015 03:50:00 +0000 hourly
us journalist heading home after ebola recovery associated press 9:41 am , oct 22 , 2014 11:29 am , oct 22 , 2014 freelance journalist cleared of ebola knxv previous next omaha , ne - an american video journalist who has recovered from ebola left an omaha hospital wednesday and is headed home to rhode island , hospital officials said .
nebraska medical center officials said ashoka mukpo , who had contracted the virus while working in liberia as a freelance cameraman for nbc and other media outlets , was released around 9 a.m. from the hospital 's biocontainment unit .
in a statement read by dr. jeffrey gold , the university of nebraska medical center chancellor , mukpo said : `` today is a joyful day .
hospital officials had said tuesday that mukpo 's blood tested negative for the virus .
he had arrived oct. 6 and was the second ebola patient to be treated there .
the first , dr. rick sacra , has also recovered .
in his statement , mukpo thanked dr. kent brantly , who provided blood for a transfusion .
brantly , who was treated for ebola in atlanta , also donated blood to sacra .
such transfusions are believed to help ebola patients because a survivor 's blood contains antibodies to fight the disease .
this material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
sponsored links latest science newsletter get the latest and most popular science news articles of the week in your inbox !
ebola spreads death and fear in west africa : 5 more cases confirmed in nigeria the deadly ebola virus increasingly is spreading fear in west africa , where liberia’s president has called for three days of prayer and nigeria has confirmed five new cases and a second death read the full story at voanews.com .
new vaccine targets ebola virus dec. 6 , 2011 at 2:11 pm comments tempe , ariz. , dec. 6 ( upi ) -- a vaccine has been created that protects mice against a deadly form of the ebola virus , a u.s. scientist involved in its development said .
biotechnologist charles arntzen from arizona state university said the vaccine protects 80 percent of the mice injected with the deadly virus , which in humans kills more than 90 percent of the people it infects .
importantly , the new vaccine survives being `` dried down and frozen '' and remains viable long-term and therefore can be successfully stockpiled , he told the bbc .
ebola , first identified in 1976 , is transmitted via bodily fluids , and sufferers experience nausea , vomiting , internal bleeding and organ failure before they die .
the new vaccine contains a synthetic viral protein which helps the immune system to more effectively recognize the ebola virus , researchers said .
the next step is to test the vaccine against a strain of ebola closer to the one that infects humans , arntzen said .
panic , fear in ebola-plagued liberia is tangible ad feedback monrovia , liberia -- in liberia , the panic and anxiety are palpable as u.s. troops begin setting up the first of 20 medical clinics to help roll back the ebola crisis .
the few ebola treatment centers that are open are overwhelmed and understaffed with the sick and dying .
dozens of victims are succumbing daily .
cbn news arrived late monday night at the international airport in the capital city of monrovia -- the front line of defense against ebola .
each person is checked coming in and also leaving the country .
how you can help give to operation blessing the moment cbn news stepped off the plane , each passenger had to wash his or her hands with bleach .
a few feet away , nurses stood armed with thermometers to check temperatures .
with 3,300 fatalities , liberia has accounted for more than half of the world 's deaths from the virus .
despite promises from the government that the situation is under control , people on the streets are n't buying it .
residents are afraid of one another .
there 's no touching , no hugging , no pats on the back .
basically , people are keeping at least a full arm's-length apart from each other .
meanwhile , cbn 's operation blessing has been on the ground helping .
this week , the group will set up an additional six chlorine generators capable of producing hundreds of gallons of chlorine a day .
the generators will allow thousands to wash their hands thoroughly in chlorine water and then with soap to stop the virus .
ten more units are being dispatched .
some 100 chlorinated hand-washing stations will also be delivered to affected villages far from the capital city .
in addition , a 40-foot shipping container full of critical supplies like gloves , masks and bed linens will make their way to ebola treatment centers .
meanwhile , the daily urgency to get the word out about prevention continues .
teams of volunteers are holding awareness seminars across the country to make sure residents follow critical hygiene steps to keep from getting the virus .
cbn news will continue to bring you the latest on operation blessing 's outreach and daily behind-the-scenes reports on life in the ebola hot zone on cbnnews.com , facebook and twitter .
ebola outbreak in west africa ( 199 ) 11400 un secretary-general ban ki-moon claims that ebola virus transmission rates are increasing in some remote areas of west africa .
new york , november 21 ( sputnik ) – global efforts to halt the spread of ebola are beginning to work in west africa , but transmission rates are increasing in some remote areas , un secretary-general ban ki-moon told reporters on friday .
where the ebola response strategy is implemented , the rate of new cases appears to be slowing .
we are seeing the curve bending in enough places to give us hope , '' ban said after meetings at the world bank in washington .
he stressed , however , that the results of the global effort to roll back the deadly ebola outbreak were `` uneven '' and varied from region to region .
we need more international responders , trained medical teams and volunteer health workers , especially in remote districts , '' ban said .
the un chief reiterated his warning about the `` detrimental effect '' that trade and travel restrictions would have on worst-hit countries in west africa .
in october , some airlines such as air france and british airways imposed a ban on flights arriving from ebola-stricken countries including guinea , liberia , sierra leone , nigeria , and senegal .
ebola has infected more than 15,000 people in west africa , of whom more than 5,000 have died , mostly in the worst-affected countries of guinea , liberia and sierra leone .
some cases have been reported in other parts of africa , europe and north america .
although there is no officially approved cure for the disease , several countries , including russia , are currently working on ebola vaccines .
obama plans to let ebola-infected into us for treatment / 0 comments what medical facilities ?
so , if you are a soldier in west africa who becomes infected with ebola , you should expect to be stuck in liberia for a while being terrified about what the virus is doing to your body .
hopefully , the government will get its stuff in order on this quickly .
but in the meantime , you should rest comfortably knowing that the obama administration is working hard to make sure that ebola infected foreigners can get to america for treatment… even if our soldiers are stuck in liberia .
ebola update : vaccine trials to hold in nigeria in february ebola updatevaccine trials to hold in nigeria in february the trials were expected to commence earlier but were postponed after national regulators expressed the need to gather more information .
published : a nurse holds a syringe containing an experimental ebola virus vaccine during a media visit at the lausanne university hospital ( chuv ) in lausanne on november 4 , 2014 .
the second phase of glaxosmithkline 's experimental ebola vaccine trials have been slated to begin in february 2015 and will hold in nigeria , cameroon , ghana , mali and senegal .
the trials were expected to commence earlier but were postponed after national regulators expressed the need to gather more information .
a two-day meeting of the national regulatory authorities and ethics committees was hosted earlier this week by the world health organization ( who ) after which the un agency stated that all aspects of the proposed trials had been thoroughly discussed .
gsk’s vaccine is currently in the first phase of clinical trials and its suitability for use in humans is being tested in switzerland , britain , mali and the united states .
four more aid workers flown back to us for ebola monitoring 18 mar 2015 new york : four more american aid workers arrived back in the united states on tuesday from west africa to be monitored for ebola , health officials said .
ebola death toll crosses 10,000 : who 13 mar 2015 geneva : more than 10,000 people have now died from the ebola virus , almost all of them in west africa , the world health organization said on thursday .
patient tests negative for ebola in new york 21 nov 2014 new york : a mali-returned patient who underwent tests at a hospital here after showing symptoms of the ebola virus has tested negative for the disease , authorities said .
un warns against complacency as ebola fight enters new phase 03 mar 2015 brussels : the united nations is urging donors , organizations and countries fighting ebola in west africa not to give in to complacency as the death toll from the virus climbs toward 10,000 .
decision on ebola vaccine by august : who 27 feb 2015 geneva : the who will take a decision in august whether to introduce vaccines against the deadly ebola virus that has claimed the lives of over 9,500 people since the epidemic broke out in west africa last year .
young women ignore heart attack symptoms : study 25 feb 2015 new york : driven by concerns of initiating a false alarm , young women tend to ignore or dismiss the earliest symptoms of an impending heart attack , such as pain , dizziness and delay in seeking emergency medical care , says new research .
india-headed nigerian dies showing ebola symptoms 18 aug 2014 abu dhabi : a 35-year-old nigerian woman , who was travelling to india for treatment of cancer , died here on monday while in transit after showing symptoms similar to those of deadly ebola virus , uae health officials said .
maharashtra resident with ebola symptoms kept at isolation ward 11 aug 2014 mumbai : a resident of vasai in maharashtra 's palghar district , who recently arrived here from lagos in nigeria , is being treated for symptoms of ebola at an isolated ward of a government hospital .
north korea lifts ebola travel restrictions 03 mar 2015 pyongyang : north korea on tuesday lifted its strict travel restrictions on people entering the country , a measure taken to prevent the deadly ebola virus from spreading .
ebola helpline flooded with enquiry calls 13 aug 2014 new delhi : the 24x7 ebola emergency helpline started by the union health ministry to deal with queries and track any persons affected by the virus has received more than 450 calls till date .
ebola cases rise in guinea , three doctors infected tuesday march 17 , 2015 print article the medecins sans frontieres ebola treatment centre at donka hospital is seen in conakry , guinea , february 11 , 2015 .
— reuters picconakry , march 17 — guinea has suffered a setback in its fight against ebola with a rash of new cases , including three doctors infected by the virus , with officials blaming weak surveillance and a failure to follow safety procedures .
the outbreak , which began in eastern guinea more than a year ago and has killed over 10,000 people in the three west african countries worst hit , had appeared to be on the wane , but guinea has seen cases rise for three consecutive weeks , according to world health organization data .
a government health report from the weekend showed there were 21 new cases in a single day , a spike from the recent daily average of eight .
one big source of concern is a chain of new infections that can be linked back to a woman who died of ebola and was not buried safely , according to fatoumata lejeune-kaba , spokeswoman for the un’s ebola emergency response mission unmeer .
that is having a devastating effect on the community .
people are simply not practising the safety rules that we have been talking about for a year , ” she told reuters .
of the other two countries worst hit , sierra leone has also seen a spate of new cases while liberia has no known cases at present and is waiting to be declared free of the disease .
the new cases in guinea are in the capital and the south-western town of forecariah but if the situation is not brought under control they could spread across borders , said lejeune-kaba .
a spokesman for guinea’s anti-ebola task force , said new cases came from high risk ebola contacts who had left forecariah and developed symptoms elsewhere , pointing to poor surveillance .
the three doctors were infected at the ignace deen hospital in conakry , which is not an ebola centre .
more than 50 doctors in guinea have caught the virus during the outbreak .
a source in the health ministry said infections at the conakry hospital were due to a “lack of vigilance” , saying staff had been told to protect themselves .
president alpha conde says he hopes to get to zero ebola cases by mid-april , ahead of elections planned for october .
setbacks in the campaign against ebola might delay investment into guinea’s underdeveloped natural resources .
— reuters more stories for you:
second ebola patient released from omaha hospital updated 9:13 am cdt oct 23 , 2014 advertising video transcript omaha 's second ebola patient -- ashoka mukpo leaves the nebraska medical center virus free .
good evening i 'm melissa fry .
and i 'm adrian whitsett .
new from the hospital of the celebration .
hugging his dad and his girlfriend for the first time in weeks..
posing for pictures with the team that cured him ... hugging.. shaking their hands stone joins us live .
after two and half weeks of treatment here at the med center , mukpo left today , approved as virus free by the c-d-c after several healthy blood samples .
doctors says mukpo has months of recovery ahead , before he is back to normal .
but today , an emotional statement from mukpo himself indicates he is just happy to be alive .
we saw ashoka mukpo when he ago for treatment .
now cured -- his departure was more low key .
i owe this staff a debt i ca n't ever repay .
but doctors say the investigative drug mukpo took is new ... and improved .
hes about 20 years younger .
i saw both sides in the last few weeks .
reery breath i take is an opportunity to give thanks and appreciate the blessing of life .
i will never forget how fortunate i am .
with mukpo released - the clean-up begins .
the med center 's unique autoclave decontaminates all waste before it leaves the biocontainment unit .
shelley sweldhelm says each load takes about thirty minutes then the waste gets incinerated .
the hospital will let the unit sit empty for a couple days .
then a decontamination team will come in .
so its cleaned at least a different steps involved ) the decon team is made up of public health experts on the unmc campus , who are trained in decontamination .
doctors tell us , if another ebola patient needs to be transfered here , they could speed up the cleaning process .
health & wellness man who traveled from mali tests negative for ebola , officials say by murray weiss , jeff mays and radhika marya on november 20 , 2014 3:12pm | updated on november 20 , 2014 6:47pm city health officials say they are testing a man who came to the united states from mali for the deadly ebola virus on nov. 20 , 2014 .
the person was taken to bellevue hospital .
the man was taken to bellevue hospital thursday after exhibiting symptoms of the disease following the trip to mali , officials said .
though the test result was negative , officials said the man would remain in isolation .
several days ago the man went to a hospital in brooklyn , but returned home , sources said .
his flu-like symptoms continued , though , so he reached out to city officials .
he was then taken by ambulance to bellevue .
city health officials called mali — which is located in west africa along with liberia , sierra leone and guinea , the three other countries with ebola outbreaks — `` a country with limited ebola transmission .
mali has had six reported ebola deaths .
four have been confirmed and two are suspected , the international aid organization said .
new york city has had only one diagnosed ebola case , that of dr. craig spencer , who contracted the disease while working with patients with doctors without borders in guinea .
spencer was declared ebola-free and released from the hospital last week .
ebola worst-case scenario has more than 500000 cases teddy ebola worst-case scenario has more than 500000 cases 20 ( bloomberg ) — the ebola outbreak in west africa could spread to hundreds of thousands more people by the end of january , according to an estimate under development by the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention that puts one worst-case … read more on bloomberg the worst-case scenario for ebola now , health care officials are starting to talk about a worst-case scenario for ebola .
the world health organization projects that 20,000 people will be infected in november .
the centers for disease control and prevention , meanwhile , projects up to 1.4 … read more on vox
sierra leone reacts to claims of human rights abuse posted date : february 13 , 2015 at 2:49 pm utc the sierra leonean government has denied allegations that the president ernest bai koroma was using prevailing state of emergency rules to stifle human rights.the reaction followed a report by a researcher with the amnesty international , which highlighted a case involving the mass arrests of alleged protesters in the diamond-rich kono district over an anti-ebola demonstration .
according to reports , the ... s/leone reacts to claims of human rights abuse posted date : february 13 , 2015 at 2:47 pm utc the sierra leone government has denied allegations that the president ernest bai koroma was using prevailing state of emergency rules to stifle human rights.the reaction comes after a report by a researcher with amnesty international highlighted a case involving the mass arrests of alleged protesters in the diamond-rich kono district over an anti-ebola demonstration .
due to the fear and mistrust surrounding ebola virus disease , red cross staff and volunteers have regularly been attacked by scared communities .
the most recent incident took place on sunday 8 february in the town of ... imf executive board completes fifth review under ecf arrangement for guinea , extends arrangement , and approves us $ 63.6 million augmentation posted date : february 12 , 2015 at 8:09 am utc conakry , guinea , february 12 , 2015/african press organization ( apo ) / -- the executive board of the international monetary fund ( imf ) today completed the fifth review of guinea 's economic performance under the program supported by an extended credit facility ( ecf ) arrangement .
meanwhile , un the world health organization ( who ) , in its ... imf executive board completes fifth review under ecf arrangement for guinea , extends arrangement , and approves us $ 63.6 million augmentation posted date : february 11 , 2015 at 8:07 pm utc washington , 10 february 2015 / prn africa / -- the executive board of the international monetary fund ( imf ) today completed the fifth review of guinea 's economic performance under the program supported by an extended credit facility ( ecf ) arrangement .
the board 's decision enables the immediate disbursement of sdr 45.135 million ( about us $ 63.6 million ) , bringing total disbursements under the ...
the only way that an individual can contract ebola is by coming into contact with the bodily fluids of someone who is exhibiting symptoms.” the comments were made after federal health officials confirmed that a man with ebola traveled to the united states from liberia on sept. 20 .
air france flight grounded in madrid over suspected ebola virus case » obama : i ‘hugged and kissed’ ebola nurses u.s. president barack obama holds a meeting with cabinet agencies coordinating the government’s ebola response , in the cabinet room of the white house in washington october 15 , 2014 .
duncan was infected with ebola in liberia , where he is from , and then took a flight to the us .
obama told reporters after a hastily convened meeting with 20 senior white house officials , including defense secretary chuck hagel , vice-president joe biden and attorney-general eric holder , that he himself had close contact with health workers treating ebola patients while visiting emory university hospital in atlanta and felt safe doing so .
they followed the protocols , they knew what they were doing , and i felt perfectly safe doing so , ” said the president .
obama said it wasn’t like the flu virus , which can be transmitted in the air through coughs and sneezes .
he said he was “absolutely confident” that there will not be a serious outbreak of ebola in the us , but stressed that it will become increasingly difficult to control the epidemic if it is not dealt with at its source in west africa .
the president held video conferences with the french , british , german and italian leaders on wednesday to discuss the international response to the outbreak .
but clearly the protocols were not stringently adhered to in the nursing of duncan and obama admitted that officials would be looking at every step of the way duncan was looked after .
it has already emerged that the second nurse infected with the disease violated protocol after the center for disease control ( cdc ) announced wednesday that she had boarded a commercial flight from cleveland to dallas the day before she started getting symptoms .
they also suggested that one of the nurses looking after duncan may not have been issued with the right protective clothing and that in future they would make sure that healthcare workers have the right training and equipment .
while on tuesday the nurses union national nurses united said in a press conference that the strict protocols were not in place at the texas health presbyterian hospital in dallas where duncan was first treated .
obama said that now “swat teams” from the cdc would be deployed within 24 hours to a hospital that reports a new case of ebola , so that smaller , non-specialized establishments that don’t have experience of dealing with the disease know what to do .
meanwhile a growing number of lawmakers have been calling on the president to introduce a travel ban to and from the west african countries at the center of the ebola crisis .
ebola death toll climbs to 6,583 12 december 2014 , 19:42 ebola vaccine trial interrupted for checks after joint pains - geneva hospital geneva - nearly 6,600 people have now died from the ebola virus , almost all of them in west africa , the world health organization said friday .
the un health agency reported that as of december 10 , there had been 18,188 cases of infection from the deadly virus in guinea , liberia and sierra leone , of whom 6,583 people had died .
also read : unicef ups ebola fight who did not provide an update of cases in other countries , but on wednesday said the death toll remained the same : six in mali , one in the united states , and eight in nigeria , which was declared ebola free in october .
spain and senegal , which have both been declared free from ebola , meanwhile counted one case each , but no deaths .
sierra leone sierra leone , which earlier this week overtook liberia as the nation with the most infections , counted 8,069 cases and 1,899 deaths on december 10 .
the toll up until december 7 stood at 7,897 cases and 1,768 deaths .
liberia liberia , long the hardest-hit country , has meanwhile seen a clear decrease in transmission over the past month .
as of december 7 , the country counted 7,765 cases and 3,222 deaths , up from the 7,719 infections and 3,177 deaths tallied four days earlier .
guinea in guinea , where the outbreak started nearly a year ago , 2,354 ebola cases and 1,462 deaths were recorded as of december 10 .
three days earlier , the country counted 2,292 ebola cases and 1,428 deaths .
healthcare workers ebola , one of the deadliest viruses known to man , is spread only through direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person showing symptoms such as fever or vomiting .
people caring for the sick or handling the bodies of people infected ebola are especially exposed .
as of december 7 , a total of 639 healthcare workers were known to have contracted the virus , and 349 of them had died , who said .
ebola patient dr kent brantly arrives in u.s. , may be improving by dennis thompson and e.j .
mundell healthday reporter want more news ?
sign up for medicinenet newsletters !
sunday , aug. 3 , 2014 ( healthday news ) -- dr kent brantly , one of two americans stricken with the ebola virus in the west africa nation of liberia , was delivered saturday morning to an atlanta hospital for treatment and is showing signs of improvement , experts say .
brantly `` seems to be improved from the reports we got earlier , '' dr. tom frieden , the director of the centers for disease control and prevention , said on nbc 's `` meet the press '' on sunday .
after transport from liberia on a specially outfitted plane brantly , 33 , climbed out of an ambulance with the aid of another person and then walked the short distance to the entrance of emory university hospital .
both brantly and the person who helped him were wearing special biocontainment suits and similar protective gear , nbc news reported .
experts said that the fact that brantly could walk on his own was an encouraging sign .
brantly 's wife amber , as well as his mother and father , had traveled to the hospital to meet him but his two small children did not make the trip .
the second patient , dr nancy writebol , 59 , will also be flown to atlanta for treatment at the same medical center .
according to sim ( serving in mission ) , the aid agency writebol was working for in liberia , she will probably arrive in the u.s. early this week .
she will be transported in the same specially outfitted plane that brantly that arrived in .
both brantly and writebol had been working at clinics in liberia , helping victims of an ebola outbreak that the world health organization says has already killed at least 729 people .
brantly is working with aid agency samaritan 's purse .
the group issued a statement last week describing both patients as being in `` serious condition .
in a statement , emory said that the unit `` has unique equipment and infrastructure that provide an extraordinarily high level of clinical isolation .
the evacuation of the two patients from west africa had been facilitated by the u.s. state department in cooperation with the cdc .
there 's no cure or vaccine for ebola , which wreaks life-threatening havoc on the body by attacking multiple organ systems simultaneously .
instead , doctors must fall back on the basics of `` good , meticulous intensive care , '' supporting the patient and targeting treatment toward organs that are under attack , explained dr. lee norman , chief medical officer for the university of kansas hospital and an expert on the disease .
if a person has respiratory failure , you put them on a ventilator .
pumping fluids into patients remains the best front-line treatment for ebola , to limit the damage caused by inflammation , he said .
in related news , cnn reports that a retired american doctor who had been helping ebola patients in monrovia returned to the united states last week and placed himself in voluntary quarantine in his hometown of morristown , tenn. dr alan jamison , 69 , said he has had no symptoms of ebola and his last encounter with an ebola patient was july 19 .
he plans to place himself in isolation in his home for 21 days , the incubation period for the disease ( meaning the time elapsed between infection and any onset of symptoms ) .
they can leave items outside the home .
sources : lee norman , m.d. , chief medical officer , university of kansas hospital , kansas city ; bruce hirsch , m.d. , infectious diseases specialist , north shore university hospital , manhasset , n.y. ; july 31 , 2014 , news conference and news release , u.s. centers for disease control and prevention ; nbc news ; aug 1 , 2014 , news release , sim , associated press , cnn news articles
picture this : battling the ebola outbreak in liberia by take two monrovia , liberia - august 19 : a resident washes his hands in chlorinated water at a public bathroom in the west point slum on august 19 , 2014 in monrovia , liberia .
a holding center in west point for people suspected of having the ebola virus was overrun and shut down by a crowd on august 16 .
the ebola virus has killed more than 1,000 people in four african nations , more in liberia than any other country .
fiercehealthcare free healthcare daily newsletter every business day , fiercehealthcare briefs hospital administrators and healthcare executives on the latest healthcare industry trends and developments .
stay up to speed on : healthcare providers ∣ medicare/medicaid/cms ∣ policies & regulations ∣ healthcare reform ∣ healthcare finance click here to see a sample .
we never sell or give away your contact information .
our readers ' trust comes first .
white house to revise ebola guidelines for healthcare workers in west africa 5-year-old tested at bellevue ; nurse sues over nj quarantine october 27 , 2014 | by zack budryk share reprint the white house confirmed this weekend that officials will craft new guidelines for healthcare workers returning from west african countries affected by the ebola outbreak , according to usa today .
the move follows the governors of illinois , new york and new jersey 's announcement of quarantine for aid workers returning from affected countries , according to the article .
although the white house did not request an end to state-level quarantines , a white house official told usa today that president barack obama 's administration has expressed concerns to the governors about them .
anthony fauci , director of the national institute for allergy and infectious diseases , earlier warned on abc 's this week that quarantines could hurt efforts to contain the outbreak .
meanwhile , a five-year-old boy who developed a fever after returning to new york city from guinea is in isolation at bellevue hospital , according to abc news .
preliminary results are expected later tonight , according to the article .
last week , new york city doctor craig spencer , m.d. , who treated patients in guinea , tested positive for the virus and was placed in an isolation unit in the same hospital .
kaci hickox , a new jersey nurse quarantined under the state protocols despite displaying no symptoms , criticized the process , calling it overbroad , and will file a federal lawsuit challenging the mandatory quarantine , according to reuters .
after similar criticism of the new york protocols , gov .
andrew cuomo ( d ) announced he would relax some of the quarantine restrictions , according to fox news .
webfinder.hol.es blog finder , blogger , website , news , gallery , web search , website submiter how is ebola treated because ebola is so virulent and so rare , no medcial treatments specific to ebola have been developed .
the best that doctors can do is isolate a patient , and provide ...
it also addresses the usual ...
ebola virus is one of at least 30 known viruses capable of causing viral hemorrhagic fever syndrome .
zmapp , being developed by mapp biopharmaceutical inc. , is an experimental treatment , for use with individuals infected with ebola virus .
but there’s all the difference in the world between the united states and parts of africa where ebola is spreading ...
here are some fast facts on what you need to know about the virus that has claimed ...
there is no medication to treat or cure ebola infection .
patients with ebola fever are hospitalized and receive supportive care to treat ...
the u.s. embassy or consulate is often able to provide advice on medical facilities .
but his fellow passengers are n't thought to be at risk ...
is it like once you have aids , you ' ...
what are complications of ebola hemorrhagic fever ?
what is the prognosis of ebola hemorrhagic fever ?
the cdc on tuesday confirmed that a texas hospital is treating the first case of ebola ever diagnosed in the united states .
but for people living in countries outside africa , it ...
the symptoms of ebola are exceedingly obnoxious , read more ebola virus treatment , causes , source : www.medibird.com there is no cure for ebola that can kill the virus ; however , research scientists are working on a new vaccine that may prevent infection , or at least hemorrhagic fever .
nairaland forum / nairaland / general / health / the ...
at the same time , glenn ...
ebola , previously known as ebola hemorrhagic fever , is a rare and deadly disease caused by infection with one of the ebola virus strains .
treatment of ebola includes supportive measures , ...
what are the symptoms , transmission and treatment for it ?
so how can you fight ebola ?
intravenous vitamin c ( ivc ) can help stop any bacterial or viral ...
it has now increased to 887 deaths in guinea , liberia , nigeria , and sierra leone .
webfinder.hol.es is web search engine and does not host any files , no media files are indexed hosted cached or stored on our server , they are located on third party sites that are not obligated in anyway with our site , webfinder.hol.es is not responsible for third party website content .
thanks for visitor , google.com , bing.com , yahoo.com and advertizer .
ebola : the viral epidemic tags : ebola • ebola virus disease • viral • viral treatment • virus although the ebola outbreak has been centered in the west african countries of guinea , sierra leone and liberia , there have been major concerns about the epidemic considering the international air travel and other factors which include the fact the symptoms might not appear until two to 21 days after one is infected allowing it to spread .
ebola virus disease is an acute illness , previously known as ebola hemorrhagic fever , which is often fatal if untreated in humans and nonhuman primates such as monkeys , gorillas , and chimpanzees .
ebola is a rare and deadly disease caused by infection with a virus of the family filoviridae , genus ebolavirus .
there are five identified ebolavirus species , four of which have caused disease in humans : zaire ebolavirus ; sudan ebolavirus ; taï forest ebolavirus , formerly côte d’ivoire ebolavirus ; and bundibugyo ebolavirus .
the fifth , reston ebolavirus , has caused disease in nonhuman primates but not in humans .
it first appeared in 1976 in 2 simultaneous outbreaks , one in nzara , sudan , and the other in yambuku , democratic republic of congo .
the latter occurred in a village near the ebola river , from which the disease takes its name .
the current outbreak in west africa , ( first cases notified in march 2014 ) , is the largest and most complex ebola outbreak since the ebola virus was first discovered in 1976 .
transmission the natural reservoir or the host of ebola remains unknown .
but on the basis of available evidence researchers believe that the virus is animal-borne with bats being the most likely reservoir .
four of the five subtypes occur in an animal host native to africa .
the virus enters the body through broken skin or the mucous membranes of eyes , nose , or mouth. close contact with ill spreads the disease .
exposure to ebola virus can occur in hospitals where the staff is not wearing appropriate protective clothing including masks , gowns , gloves , and eye protection .
it is recommended to use dedicated medical equipment ( preferably disposable ) by healthcare personnel while attending the ebola patient .
proper cleaning and disposal of instruments , such as needles and syringes , is also important .
if instruments are not disposable , they must be sterilized before being used again .
these steps will prevent the further amplification of the outbreak .
symptoms of ebola virus disease a person infected with ebola is not contagious until the symptoms appear which takes from 2 to 21 days after exposure to ebola .
signs and symptoms of ebola typically include : fever ( greater than 38.6°c or 101.5°f ) severe headache unexplained bleeding or bruising diagnosis it is very difficult to diagnose ebola in a person who has been infected for only a few days because the early symptoms , such as fever , are not specific to ebola infection and can be experienced by patients with more commonly occurring diseases , such as malaria and typhoid fever .
a person who has symptoms of ebola and had contact with blood or body fluids of a person suffering from ebola , or had contact with objects that have been contaminated with blood or body fluids of a person sick with ebola or contact with infected animals , should be isolated and notified .
samples from the patient should be collected and tested to confirm infection .
diagnostic tests such as elisa , pcr and other serological tests are done to identify and confirm ebola virus disease .
treatment currently there are no specific vaccines or antiviral drugs effective enough against ebola .
the following interventions can improve the chances of survival : injecting intravenous ( iv ) fluids and maintaining electrolytes balance ( body salts ) maintaining oxygen status and blood pressure treating other infections if they occur it is crucial to timely treat ebola but challenging as well since the disease is difficult to diagnose clinically in the early stages of infection .
because early symptoms are not specific to the ebola virus , cases of ebola may initially be misdiagnosed .
severe weather alert iowa national guard preps to deploy to prevent west africa ebola spread posted 9:25 pm , november 16 , 2014 , by katrina lamansky and shane simmons , updated at 03:37pm , november 17 , 2014 email in response to the recent ebola outbreak in west africa , some iowa national guard soldiers may be sent there to help .
about 80 soldiers from the 294th area support medical company ( asmc ) based in washington , iowa , may be sent in support of operation united assistance , according to a november 16 statement from the iowa national guard. operation united assistance is the u.s.a.’s response to the outbreak , and is led by the u.s. agency for international development .
1st class rob radosevich in an interview with news 8 .
the iowa soldiers would be going along with other u.s. military members .
the deployment would begin in spring of 2015 and it was expected last for about six months .
it was not expected to last more than one year , according to the announcement .
currently , there are more than 2,000 troops stationed in west africa , and military officials expect that number to reach nearly 3,000 by the beginning of 2015 .
click here to read the iowa national guard’s full announcement .
the purpose of sending soldiers to west africa is so they can help prevent the spread of ebola , according to radosevich .
during their time over there , the 294th asmc would work administer care to u.s. department of defense personnel and coalition service members .
the iowa soldiers would not be treating west african’s who have contracted ebola .
soldiers sent to the region will be given proper training and equipment to avoid being infected by the ebola virus .
once their deployment is done , all soldiers will be observed overseas to ensure they are healthy and have not contracted the virus .
unicef news / 31 october 2014 many ebola survivors and their families still encounter stigma even when they have recovered from the virus and have been declared ebola-free .
this is the story of young brothers ali and santigie from sierra leone .
listing ( 19 ) gallery images for ( ebola jokes dog ) ... top 5 gallery views ( march ) :
2nd feb , 2015 breaches are believed to have taken place as a result of either human error or faulty equipment 29th jan , 2015 it is still present in a third of the areas of the 3 affected nations , says un
is ebola a blood borne pathogen ?
bloodborne pathogens include hiv , hepatitis , ebola , gonorrhea , malaria , rocky mountain spotted fever , certain kinds of strep and tuberculosis .
donovan kent 0 login or sign up to answer this question .
related ebola questions it seems like hardly anyone gets enough sleep these days .
find out how to beat insomnia !
related ebola quizzes sleep disorders leave you groggy , irritable and in a general bad mood .
they also take a toll on your health .
find out if you have one .
chacha apps terms of use © copyright 2006- chacha search , inc. – experimental use , all rights reserved , may be covered by us or foreign patents or patents pending .
sign in to your chacha account email : forgot password ?
sign up for a chacha account sign up for chacha and you 'll be able to easily get answers from thousands of chacha guides on the web and on your mobile phone , see your answer history , and stay up to date with the latest updates from chacha .
we use cookies to offer an improved online experience and offer you content and services adapted to your interests .
by using dailymotion , you are giving your consent to our cookies .
0 esther nsobeh ( second from left ) , nurse and pharmacy dispenser , conducts training of traditional midwives ( ttm ) at tagweh town community clinic of bomi county in northwestern liberia .
liberia announced today the discharge of its last ebola patient .
no new infections were reported in the past week , signaling the end of the outbreak is near for the country .
health advocates used this week’s eu high level conference on ebola to look beyond ebola and encourage donors and countries to take steps that will ensure similar health catastrophes do not happen again anywhere by learning from the mistakes that were made .
some 28 countries have health systems that are worse off than the three ebola-endemic countries and many others are not much better , according to save the children .
the group released an index ahead of the ebola conference ranking countries on their overall health-care systems .
it determined that india is in a worse position than both liberia and sierra leone .
bangladesh , ethiopia and nigeria also rank towards the bottom of a list of 72 countries .
in fact , only chad and somalia perform worse than nigeria , the largest economy on the continent .
the world needs to see it as a global responsibility , ” said simon wright , head of child survival for save the children u.k. , in an interview with humanosphere .
the report estimates that filling a $ 1.58 billion spending gap in 2012 for the three countries would have significantly improved health access .
that is roughly one-third the $ 4.3 billion spent by donors to respond to the crisis .
spending money now can prevent costly disasters in the future .
it should serve as a “wake-up call” for the world .
a report by the international rescue committee echoes many of the same sentiments .
the group argues that more support is necessary for local responders .
we must make every effort to build trust , ” concludes the report .
we ignore these lessons at great peril.” one way to do that is to increase the number of health workers in countries .
in sierra leone , there are fewer than 2 doctors , nurses and midwives per 10,000 people .
liberia has an average of 2.9 and guinea has 6.1 .
all pale in comparison to top country brazil where it has nearly 95 health workers for every 10,000 people .
that is about 2 health workers for every 210 people .
the health work force in sierra leone has to support 50 times more people than in brazil .
the three west african countries , and many others in the world , need to take steps increase their number of health workers .
the frontline health workers coalition estimates that it will cost $ 575 million over the next five years to double the number of health workers in the countries .
compared to the amount spent responding to ebola , it is a bargain .
like save the children , the coalition’s report was timed to ensure that the eu meetings think beyond the current crisis .
meeting the coalition’s financing goals would still leave liberia , sierra leone and guinea significantly behind the bottom line set by the who .
and it is still only one part of improving overall health care for the countries and others .
save the children’s index shows that neonatal mortality , a rate that they say is closely tied to health services and access , is not necessarily lower in countries with more health workers .
india exceeds the who health worker minimum , but its 29.2 neonatal deaths per 1,000 live births is worse than neighboring bangladesh , where there are only 5.7 health workers per 10,000 people .
universal health coverage is entirely about that , ” said wright .
save the children says that the countries at the bottom of its index “furthest away from universal health coverage.” achieving the goal means donors must work with governments to invest in health systems .
wright pointed out that a key part of the equation is the level of spending by countries themselves .
he attributes the gains made in rwanda to the spending by the government .
the fact that it spends more than sierra leone explains why it performs better in the index despite spending less overall .
wright and others are hopeful that the lessons learned from west africa will spur on investment in improving access to health care around the world .
not only do donors need to increase their support , they need to make sure their approach is in line with what countries need and are trying to accomplish .
it needs to be aligned to support the development of health systems , ” he said .
guinea battles to contain spread of ebola epidemic neighbouring senegal closes borders as eu pledges €500,000 in race to stop virus spreading towards capital conakry an image of the ebola virus , created by microbiologist frederick a murphy .
photograph : frederick a murphy /epa agence france-presse in conakry sunday 30 march 2014 13.43 edt last modified on tuesday 29 july 2014 05.12 edt share on whatsapp guinea is racing to contain a deadly ebola epidemic spreading from its southern forests to the capital conakry , as neighbouring senegal closed its border .
the eu pledged €500,000 ( £413,000 ) to fight the contagion at the weekend , while the senegalese interior ministry said border crossings to guinea would be closed until further notice .
the order affects crossings at kolda and kedougou in the south of senegal , which are heavily used by traders , particularly during a weekly market attended by thousands from neighbouring countries .
eight cases of ebola have been confirmed in conakry , the guinean health ministry said late friday , including one fatality .
across the country , `` the total number of suspected cases recorded from january to 28 march 2014 is 111 cases of haemorrhagic fever including 70 deaths ... or a fatality rate of 63 % '' , the ministry said in a statement .
samples taken from 45 of the suspect cases included 19 that tested positive for ebola .
most of the cases were recorded in southern guinea , but the disease has spread to the capital since wednesday .
those infected have been put in isolation to prevent the virus from spreading .
meanwhile , aid organisations have sent dozens of workers to help the west african country combat the outbreak of haemorrhagic fever .
trippy , electro-beat song created to help get message across about how to avoid incurable disease in guinea and liberia published : 27 may 2014 african nation is facing an ebola epidemic of a 'magnitude never before seen ' , with nearly 80 deaths so far .
so what 's being done to stop its spread ?
published : 1 apr 2014 visas suspended for muslim pilgrims from guinea and liberia due to contagious nature of deadly disease published : 1 apr 2014 virus 'could sort out demographic explosion ' and by extension europe 's 'immigration problem ' , says founder of front national published : 21 may 2014
home » search results for `` ebola symptoms wiki '' ebola symptoms wiki free download file pdf , ppt and doc for ebola symptoms wiki at nursing home .
you can choose the appropriate documents has become you need we provide three types : pdf , ppt and doc .
currently you are opening the pdf , ppt and doc to topic ebola symptoms wiki you can download for free , with some links below that we have provided .
fast facts for kids what is ebola ?
how do people get sick with ebola ?
where in the world can you get ebola ?
the ebola outbreak in download what is ebola virus disease ?
of a major emergency life cycle , with particular reference to the needs of ireland .
do not forget to bookmark this page in the future by pressing ctrl +d ( windows ) or command + d ( mac ) .
if you want to get a preview please click on the link `` preview '' in each item .
you are here : home > ibm helps you donate computer power to fight ebola ibm helps you donate computer power to fight ebola by ebola rising on december 7 , 2014 in news , usa ibm has engineered a way for everyone to join the fight against ebola ?
by donating processing time on their personal computers , phones or tablets to researchers .
ibm has teamed with scientists at scripps research institute in southern california on a project that aims to combine the power of thousands of small computers , to each attack tiny pieces of a larger medical puzzle that might otherwise require a supercomputer to solve .
the idea isn’t new : several universities and research institutes have used so-called distributed computing to tackle complex problems .
for the last 10 years ibm has sponsored a project called world community grid , in which volunteers agree to download software that takes advantage of unused processing capacity on their devices .
about 680,000 individuals in 80 countries have enrolled in the ibm program , said ibm vice president stan litow .
they’ve donated computing power to help scientists at several institutions conduct research into malaria , aids , cancer and environmental issues .
the free downloadable software , available at www.worldcommunitygrid.org , works on windows or mac computers and android mobile devices , although not apple inc.’s iphone or ipad .
litow said it’s designed to only use idle capacity when a device is connected to the internet .
otherwise it isn’t in use , so it won’t slow other functions .
on mobile devices , the program only works when the device is charging and connected to wi-fi , to avoid draining batteries or running up wireless charges .
users can choose when their device connects to the grid network and whether it should happen automatically , litow said .
ibm also promises to respect volunteers’ privacy and says the software can’t access or alter any other files on a device .
the grid computing program breaks down large computing problems into thousands of smaller tasks , assigns them to individual devices and then compiles the results .
volunteers can get progress reports on each project , and ibm promises to make the resulting data available to any interested researcher .
positive results spur race for ebola vaccine with trials under way , scientists are working out how to give vaccines in affected regions .
rights & permissions john moore/getty testing for fever is one way to identify ebola , but high temperatures can also be caused by a vaccine .
safety trials of ebola vaccines are starting to return results : at least one is known to be safe and to summon an immune response against the virus .
the challenge now is to use the results to guide the larger studies that will reveal whether the vaccines work .
the vaccine was developed by the niaid and the drug company glaxosmithkline ( gsk ) , and is ‘bivalent’ : it is made from a chimpanzee adenovirus that has been engineered to express proteins from two species of ebola virus , known as zaire and sudan .
in phase 1 safety tests in september , 20 healthy volunteers in the united states received either a high or a low dose of the vaccine .
everyone mounted some kind of immune response against ebola .
but those who got the high dose produced more antibodies against a strain that is very similar to the virus driving the outbreak in west africa ; they also produced more immune cells known as cd8+ t cells .
such safety studies are carried out in people who have a very low risk of becoming infected by ebola so can not reveal whether the vaccine protects against infection .
but anthony fauci , director of the niaid , notes that the immune responses of the people who received the high dose were in line with those of monkeys that were protected from ebola after receiving the same vaccine .
nature special : ebola outbreak in west africa others are taking the results with a pinch of salt , because the number of participants was low and because the vaccine used differs from the ‘monovalent’ vaccines that will be deployed in west africa , which target only the zaire species .
hill’s team started administering a monovalent version of the vaccine to 60 uk volunteers in september .
volunteers in the united states , mali and switzerland have also received that vaccine as part of safety trials ( ebola arrived in mali only after the trials began ) .
researchers will scrutinize the results of the studies to identify the best vaccines and the appropriate doses , as well as side effects , and use those insights to guide efficacy trials to be carried out in affected countries next year .
one issue is how to interpret the effects of the vaccines .
conventional wisdom says that having high levels of antibodies is the best sign of immunity .
but animal studies have hinted that cd8+ t cells could be more important .
a vaccine that raises both would be ideal , but if either remains low , developers are likely to add a booster in efficacy trials ( some safety trials are already testing this approach ) .
data from the ongoing trials in mali will be especially important to working out the best dose , because vaccines often generate weaker immune responses in sub-saharan african populations than in others .
this is partly because of the presence of malaria , which can suppress the immune system .
testing vaccinated monkeys often involves exposing them to much higher levels of ebola than humans typically encounter , so scientists may be overestimating the immune reaction needed to prevent infection , says daniel bausch , a physician at tulane university school of public health and tropical medicine in new orleans , louisiana .
there are also side effects to consider .
two of the ten people who got the high dose developed a brief fever .
some researchers worry that vaccines that cause symptoms that overlap with those of ebola , such as fever , could sow confusion .
but based on past studies of other adenovirus vaccines , hill does not expect such side effects to be common and says that they will be manageable , if people who get the vaccine are warned that they may develop .
the gsk/niaid vaccines are not the only candidates set to deliver data .
a vaccine made from a virus that infects livestock is being tested in the united states and gabon , and soon in kenya .
the vaccine was developed by the public health agency of canada and licensed to newlink genetics in ames , iowa , and to merck in whitehouse station , new jersey .
phase 1 trials are to begin early next year for a regimen involving an adenovirus-based vaccine developed by the us pharmaceutical company johnson & johnson and the niaid , and a booster made from vaccinia ( a virus similar to the one that causes cowpox ) by bavarian nordic in denmark .
he attended the science-writing programme at the university of california , santa cruz , and earned a master’s degree in microbiology at the university of washington .
he spends his free time learning…
ebola in uganda : why ca n't we cure it ?
tuesday , july 31 , 2012 - 16:00 in health & medicine a recent outbreak of the deadly ebola virus in uganda highlights the many unknowns of the highly contagious fever .
please take a minute to let us know why you have turned off linkis twitter automation .
your answer will help us to improve our core features .
im ' not intersted in features linkis offers it affects my links in a negative way i do n't even know what it is you 're nothing but annoying app !
coast guard issues new protocols to prevent ebola by jennifer mcdermott associated press providence , r.i. -- one u.s. coast guard sector says it will contact ships that have recently been to ebola-affected countries to ask whether passengers have symptoms of the virus before they are allowed into port .
the sector , which includes parts of new york and connecticut , issued a bulletin to the maritime community in long island sound on monday that describes protocols being put into place due to ebola .
it did not immediately say whether the protocols were being used nationwide .
interested in reusing this article ?
custom reprints are a powerful and strategic way to share your article with customers , employees and prospects .
the ygs group provides digital and printed reprint services for daily herald .
complete the form to the right and a reprint consultant will contact you to discuss how you can reuse this article .
need more information about reprints ?
visit our reprints section for more details .
contact information ( * required ) message ( optional ) success - request sent close the coast guard said each vessel headed to an area port would be evaluated to determine if it had visited an ebola-affected country within its last five ports of call .
if it has , the coast guard will ask whether anyone on board is experiencing symptoms of ebola , such as fever , headache , joint and muscle aches , weakness , diarrhea , cough , hiccups , sore throat and other symptoms .
if so , the coast guard will ask how many people are sick , when the symptoms started , whether they have been treated , if they have arranged for medical care , and if they have been around anyone who is ill .
it will also ask whether anyone plans to get on or off the ship once it gets to port .
the bulletin says the coast guard has activated an ebola crisis team that 's reviewing its policy .
ships headed to american ports are required to report illnesses or death from communicable diseases among passengers or crew 15 days before they expect to arrive , according to the bulletin .
it says there have been no reports of people infected with ebola on any vessels operating in the u.s .
the obama administration has said it is considering whether to institute extra screening at airports to check passengers coming from ebola-stricken countries .
health officials have said that might include checking travelers to see if they have a fever , then evaluating them further if they do .
the administration has said it will not shut down flights from affected countries .
no date has been fixed for indo-africa meet : government 17 dec 2014 new delhi : no alternative date has been fixed for the indo-africa meet which was deferred due to spread of ebola virus disease ( evd ) in parts of africa , the lok sabha was informed on wednesday .
committed to assist in global efforts to combat ebola : india 10 dec 2014 united nations : as part of its commitment to assist in global efforts to combat the ebola virus , india has signed an agreement with a un agency under which usd 10 million pledged by it will be transferred to a global trust fund set up to address the threat posed by the deadly virus .
delhi government sets up helpline for info on ebola 26 nov 2014 new delhi : delhi government has set up a control room and helpline in the city for internal monitoring of the ebola virus disease ( evd ) and to provide information about the disease to the public .
flashback 2014 : is , ebola , regional conflicts posed challenges for un 25 dec 2014 united nations : terror wrought by the feared islamic state , ebola crisis , syrian civil war , gaza war and unrest in ukraine posed significant challenges for the united nations in 2014 , a year that ended with a message of harmony from india as the world body adopted prime minister narendra modi 's idea to commemorate an international yoga day annually .
ebola may be deadlier and more widespread : study 06 nov 2014 washington : the current ebola outbreak in west africa that has grown exponentially since may and has already killed over 5,000 people , could prove to be more widespread and deadlier than we think , researchers warn .
a new analysis indicates that the outbreak 's fatality rate is over 70 percent rather than 50 percent as previously claimed by the world health organization and that the total number of affected individuals could exceed 1 million by early next year , researchers said .
nigeria-like ebola surveillance , tracking system put in place : harsh vardhan 21 oct 2014 new delhi : a surveillance and tracking system similar to that in nigeria , which was declared ebola-free by who , has been put in place in india , health minister harsh vardhan said on tuesday .
government monitoring big concern among indian net users : survey 26 nov 2014 new delhi : india is among top three nations where government monitoring of online activity is a big concern for internet users , according to a global survey .
8th sierra leonean doctor dies of ebola 06 dec 2014 freetown : a health official says another sierra leonean doctor has died from ebola , the eighth such victim in a country with too few health workers .
inhaled ebola vaccine could offer long-term protection 04 nov 2014 new york : a single dose of a breathable , respiratory vaccine could provide long-term protection against the deadly ebola virus , new research shows .
currently in development , the vaccine was found effective in shielding non-human primates from the virus .
first case of ebola confirmed in mali : health ministry 24 oct 2014 bamako : mali 's health ministry has said the country had its first confirmed case of ebola after a two-year-old girl who had recently been in guinea tested positive for the virus .
top 10 things you really need to know about ebola .
2014 west africa outbreak outbreak of ebola in guinea , liberia , sierra leone , and nigeria .
ebola care kit … www.cdc.gov/vhf/ebola apr 11 , 2014 · ebola is a virus with a high fatality rate that was first identified in africa in 1976 .
learn more facts about ebola .
100 % satisfaction garantie uh oh ... unknown 0 can’t display all the features of our site .
may we suggest an alternative browser ?
because you won’t want to miss out on all this goodness .
t-shirts pre- order pre-order today !
your design will be made and shipped as soon as our manufacturers are ready to begin production .
devant à propos de ce produit modèle : t-shirt foncé basique pour homme confortable et décontracté , le t-shirt noir en coton épais deviendra rapidement l'un de vos t-shirts préférés .
100 % coton , tout le monde peut le porter .
double couture des ourlets des manches et inférieur pour une durabilité accrue .
choisissez un design existant ou personnalisez-le pour le rendre unique !
taille et forme le modèle mesure 1.57 m et porte une taille m coupe standard conforme à la taille indiquée tissu et entretien sans étiquettes pour plus de confort ourlets des manches et ourlet inférieur à double couture importé lavable en machine à l'eau froide couleur : noir
he added that the time has now come for the nation to `` turn the page .
he also defended his december 's decision to normalise relations with the communist cuba and urged the congress to lift the economic embargo against havana , which has been in place for over 50 years .
here are top quotes and reactions from obama 's state of the union address .
the full transcript of the speech has been posted by white house in medium.com .
top 5 quotes : on economy : `` at this moment — with a growing economy , shrinking deficits , bustling industry and booming energy production — we have risen from recession freer to write our own future than any other nation on earth .
it 's now up to us to choose who we want to be over the next fifteen years , and for decades to come .
will we accept an economy where only a few of us do spectacularly well ?
or will we commit ourselves to an economy that generates rising incomes and chances for everyone who makes the effort ?
instead of getting dragged into another ground war in the middle east , we are leading a broad coalition , including arab nations , to degrade and ultimately destroy this terrorist group ... .
i call on this congress to show the world that we are united in this mission by passing a resolution to authorize the use of force against isil .
last year , as we were doing the hard work of imposing sanctions along with our allies , some suggested that mr. putin 's aggression was a masterful display of strategy and strength .
well , today , it is america that stands strong and united with our allies , while russia is isolated , with its economy in tatters .
that 's how america leads — not with bluster , but with persistent , steady resolve .
when what you 're doing does n't work for fifty years , it 's time to try something new .
our shift in cuba policy has the potential to end a legacy of mistrust in our hemisphere ; removes a phony excuse for restrictions in cuba ; stands up for democratic values ; and extends the hand of friendship to the cuban people .
and this year , congress should begin the work of ending the embargo .
we are making sure our government integrates intelligence to combat cyber threats , just as we have done to combat terrorism ...
if we do n't act , we 'll leave our nation and our economy vulnerable .
if we do , we can continue to protect the technologies that have unleashed untold opportunities for people around the globe .
i could n't be prouder of them , and i thank this congress for your bipartisan support of their efforts .
but the job is not yet done — and the world needs to use this lesson to build a more effective global effort to prevent the spread of future pandemics , invest in smart development , and eradicate extreme poverty .
while veto threats and unserious proposals may make for good political theater , they will not distract this new american congress from our focus on the people 's priorities .
it 's a mindset that gave us political talking points , not serious solutions .
now we need to step up & deliver for the middle class .
more intent on winning elections than on winning progress , he ignores the fact that the country has elected a congress that favors smaller government and lower taxes .
rather than bridging the gap between the parties , he makes 'bridge to nowhere ' proposals .
scott walker said via twitter : `` the president wants to grow the economy in washington .
we want to grow the economy in cities and towns and villages all across america .
us health officials say an ebola travel ban is a terrible idea 5 months ago volunteers of all ages , backgrounds , and interests enjoy contributing their time to the u.s. offices of msf .
as ebola spreads , doctors are struggling to control it , and a travel ban would clearly make the situation way worse .
even in other countries , we’re not helpless to assist : you can get involved by supporting doctors without borders so they can obtain more supplies and medical staff to battle the virus .
click the action box to get started and share this story to become the news .
the idea of a ban gained currency this past week after the nation’s first case was diagnosed in dallas .
proponents have argued that it would help ensure public safety .
anthony fauci , director of the national institute of allergy and infectious diseases , part of the national institutes of health , said a travel embargo on west african countries that are struggling with ebola would make it much harder for them to control the virus .
sen. mark kirk , an illinois republican , has said the federal government should gradually halt flights to the region to protect americans .
rep. tim murphy plans to conduct hearings on the policy this coming week .
he leads the house energy and commerce subcommittee on oversight and investigations .
asking travelers to report their own activities at airports “has been a demonstrated failure , and it is nearly impossible to retrace steps to try and track down everyone who has been in contact with a carrier taking multiple international flights across the globe , ” murphy , a pennsylvania republican , said friday .
bobby jindal , a physician , said the u.s. should halt flights from ebola-stricken countries .
they instead say we should listen to ‘the experts , ’” jindal said friday .
that statement defies logic.” tom frieden , director of the federal centers for disease control and prevention , said on abc’s “this week” that the administration was open to practical suggestions that won’t backfire .
centers for disease control and prevention director dr. tom frieden speaks at a news conference sunday oct. 5 , 2014 at the cdc in atlanta .
frieden has also noted that a ban on incoming flights could affect americans trying to return home from those countries .
he is hospitalized in isolation , and public-health officials are monitoring a few dozen people who may have been exposed to the virus .
u.s. officials have emphasized that the united states has a modern medical system that is far better equipped to contain an outbreak than the african countries where ebola is currently spreading .
airline passengers have their temperatures taken as they board planes in the outbreak zone , although those infected with ebola can go up to 21 days before they exhibit symptoms .
passengers are also asked about contact with infected people , but that process would not be useful if a passenger lies or simply does not realize the medical condition of people they have encountered .
you are here : home > west africa musicians launch own ebola song west africa musicians launch own ebola song by ebola rising on november 26 , 2014 in news some of africa’s top musicians launched an alternative ebola appeal song to band aid’s new recording of “do they know it’s christmas ?
” with proceeds also going to fight the virus that has killed more than 5,000 people in west africa this year .
despite reaching number one in the uk charts , bob geldof’s “do they know it’s christmas ? ” song has been slammed by critics who say the rewritten lyrics , including christmas bells that clang “chimes of doom” and a world of “dread and fear/where a kiss of love can kill you , ” are an insult to africans .
by contrast , “africa stop ebola , ” sung in french and local languages including malinke , soussou , kissi and lingala , uses a mixture of rap and melodies that are distinctive to west africa , to urge people to take ebola seriously and go to a doctor if they are ill .
recorded by malians salif keita , oumou sangare and the duo amadou and mariam , guinean mory kante , congolese barbara kanam and senegalese rapper didier awadi among others , the song also warns people to wash their hands , avoid shaking hands with others and to refrain from touching dead bodies .
tiken jah fakoly , a renowned ivorian musician who has rallied other artists to raise awareness about ebola , said he was touched by tv images of people in quarantine in the worst-affected countries sierra leone , liberia and guinea .
despite international efforts the ebola epidemic in west africa continues .
yet , ebola is no longer at the center of public perception .
better ebola response may have prevented nurse 's case , cdc head says oct 14 , 2014 , 4:48 pm et health care workers wait for the arrival of a possible ebola patient at the texas health presbyterian hospital on oct. 8 , 2014 in dallas , texas .
joe raedle/getty images copy the nation 's top health official said today he regrets not sending a larger team of experts to texas when the first case of ebola was diagnosed , a move he said may have prevented a dallas nurse from getting infected .
president obama said today that his administration is “surging resources into dallas” to examine how nurse nina pham contracted ebola while helping to care for ebola patient thomas eric duncan , and ensure “all lessons learned” will be applied across the country .
dr. thomas frieden , director of the centers for disease control and prevention , said that from now on a `` cdc ebola response team '' will be ready to reach a hospital `` within hours '' of a reported case of ebola .
that might have prevented infection , '' frieden said at a news conference today .
he was treated at texas health presbyterian hospital in dallas , but succumbed to the virus .
subsequently , pham , a nurse who helped take care of duncan , has been diagnosed with ebola .
she is being treated at the same hospital where she worked .
frieden said 76 health care workers who may have had contact with duncan are now being monitored .
frieden said he was encouraged that the 48 people that duncan had contact with before he was diagnosed with ebola have passed the 14 day mark without any signs of the virus .
the virus has an incubation period that can last up to 21 days , experts say .
worrying about the possibility of contracting ebola is `` very anxiety provoking , '' he said , noting that after he visited an ebola facility in west africa , `` every time i had the slightest sore throat or headache i was concerned .
frieden said the nurse has `` been terrific in assisting '' investigators tracking the cause of her infection .
in his remarks , the president also warned that the global response to the ebola epidemic remains alarmingly insufficient .
abc news ' devin dwyer contributed to this report
who : ebola responsible for 4,877 deaths associated press copyright 2014 scripps media , inc. all rights reserved .
this material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
show caption previous next london - ebola is now believed to have killed 4,877 people globally and that the spread of the lethal virus remains `` persistent and widespread '' in west africa , the world health organization said wednesday .
in a new update , who also said there have been 9,936 probable , suspected and confirmed cases of ebola , mostly in guinea , sierra leone and liberia .
it said transmission remains `` intense '' in the capital cities and that cases continue to be underreported .
who said two districts in guinea reported an ebola case for the first time in the last week .
one region is on the border with ivory coast and the other is on a major trade route with mali .
all but one of liberia 's 15 districts have now reported at least one ebola case , but the virus is spreading quickest in monrovia , with 305 probable , suspect and confirmed cases reported this week .
jan brewer creates special council over ebola , enterovirus concerns in sierra leone , who said that two districts where ebola had appeared to be slowing -- kenema and kailahun -- have both seen a resurgence of the virus .
who reported that 443 health workers have now been infected with ebola , killing 244 .
it said `` exhaustive efforts '' are being taken to get protective equipment for them .
related : military preps team for ebola response in us who noted a lack of available beds in ebola clinics is forcing many families to care for sick relatives at home , risking further spread of the virus .
liberia had the worst bed shortage , with only 23 percent of patients hospitalized in a clinic .
who estimated 4,388 beds are still needed in west africa .
the agency said basic clinics , where potential patients can be isolated but often not treated , are being set up `` as a remedial measure .
facebookemail twitter google+ linkedin pinterest healthcare workers monitored for ebola an american healthcare worker being treated in maryland for ebola is in critical condition as his health continues to get worse .
post to facebook healthcare workers monitored for ebola an american healthcare worker being treated in maryland for ebola is in critical condition as his health continues to get worse .
check out this story on wtsp.com : http : //on.11alive.com/1bcg5b8 cancelsend a link has been sent to your friend 's email address .
a link has been posted to your facebook feed .
liberia 's last ebola patient discharged by zoom dosso ( afp ) mar 5 , 2015 in world liberia discharged its last confirmed ebola patient on thursday , as it reported for the first time in nine months it had gone a full week without any new infections .
beatrice yordoldo left the chinese-built ebola treatment unit ( etu ) in the paynesville suburb of the capital monrovia to cheers from healthcare workers , government officials and aid workers .
i did not know i could make it , '' said yordoldo , who was admitted two weeks ago .
liberia `` reported no new confirmed cases '' during the week to march 1 , the world health organization ( who ) said in a report late wednesday .
ebola in west africa adrian leung , afp/file `` we have gone for 13 days now without a new case .
this is a great day for liberia .
of those , 9,249 cases including 4,117 deaths were registered in liberia , which six months ago was reporting more than 300 new cases each week .
at the height of the epidemic in a country whose health infrastructure had been ravaged by back-to-back civil wars , overflowing health clinics had to turn people away , often to die in the streets .
but a huge national and international response helped stem the spread .
of 45 samples tested nationwide last week , none were positive , the who said , adding that it was first time there had been no new confirmed cases since may 26 , 2014 .
sierra leone , which counts the most cases in total at 11,466 , including 3,546 deaths , registered 81 new confirmed infections last week , up from 65 the week before .
transmission in the country `` remains widespread '' , the who warned , pointing out that new cases had emerged in eight different districts , with rising numbers in freetown , the western rural district and in the northern district of bombali .
the outbreak in bombali was reportedly linked to a cluster of cases in the aberdeen fishing community in freetown , and who said efforts were underway to track over 2,000 contacts associated with that cluster .
the 51 new confirmed cases registered in guinea last week also marked a significant increase on the 35 new cases reported during the previous seven-day period .
the country , which in total counts ebola 3,219 cases and 2,129 deaths , also saw a marked hike in new cases in the capital conakry and in nearby forecariah , who said .
massive efforts and funds have been poured into the fight to rid the three west african countries of the ebola scourge , and a main focus has been to ensure that all those infected are isolated and cared for in treatment centres .
ensuring safe burials of the highly contagious bodies has also been a priority .
more than half of the 32 confirmed ebola deaths in guinea last week occurred in the community , rather than treatment units , while the figure was 16 percent in sierra leone .
unsafe burials also continue to be a problem in the two countries , with 16 registered last week alone .
the first large-scale trial of an ebola vaccine will begin in guinea at the weekend , the who said thursday , weeks after a similar test kicked off in liberia .
the phase iii testing of the vaccine -- one of two that are in the most advanced stages of development -- aims to ensure it provides protection against the virus .
there is no licensed treatment or vaccine for ebola , and the who has endorsed rushing potential ones through trials in a bid to stem the epidemic .
researchers have said it remains unknown what level of immune response needed to protect humans from ebola , which causes often fatal haemorrhaging , organ failure and severe diarrhoea .
quora edits quora userworks in a snf upvote5 upvoted6 & bullet ; 5 upvotes by carroll straus , anonymous , aaron ellis , ( more ) & bullet ; 5 upvotes by carroll straus , anonymous , aaron ellis , ( more ) possibly .
diabetes plays merry hell with so many systems , there 's always a little damage going on within the body due to diabetes- especially the kidneys. and the kidneys are an area ebola damages , too , so it may all hinge on how healthy your kidneys are in the first place .
it occurs to me a diabetic may survive if palliative care is provided immediately , with a serum of antibodies following ( which hopefully kick the diabetic 's own immune system into gear ) but may be on dialysis for the rest of their life .
suspected ebola patient isolated in uganda august 8 , 2014 | filed under : latest | posted by : ians kampala , aug 8 ( ians ) a man suspected of suffering from the deadly ebola virus disease ( evd ) has been put in isolation in central uganda’s entebbe town , media reports said friday .
the suspect was travelling from south sudan and was stopped wednesday after screening by health ministry officials at entebbe airport , 35 km from the national capital kampala , the daily monitor reported .
the tests for evd are being done at the uganda virus research institute in entebbe , said jane aceng , the director general of health services at the health ministry .
she said there was no cause for alarm as the suspect came from south sudan , which has not had any case of ebola recently .
if his results show that he is negative , we will let him go , ” aceng said .
uganda , an east african country , has sent a team of its most experienced doctors and nurses to west africa to help countries that are struggling with an ebola outbreak there .
the world health organisation friday declared the evd outbreak in west africa an international health emergency .
ebola is a highly infectious disease with high grade fever and bleeding tendencies .
according to who , the virus is transmitted to people from wild animals and spreads in the human population through human-to-human transmission .
shortlink : posted by ians on august 8 , 2014 .
you can follow any responses to this entry through the rss 2.0 .
you can leave a response or trackback to this entry
kzn man to test for ebola home > > south africa > > kzn man to test for ebola 31-10-2014 by more matshediso pretoria - the national institute for communicable diseases ( nicd ) on thursday said it will conduct a test for ebola on the kwazulu-natal man , who returned from work in sierra leone and complained of mild fever symptoms on wednesday .
according to the nicd , the man -- who works as a fleet manager for a construction company in sierra leone -- was concerned about the risk of ebola and wanted to be tested as a precautionary measure .
he was then referred to addington hospital for further assessment but he decided not to go to the hospital .
the nicd said it will now conduct the test to allay the patient and health workers’ fears , and create confidence in the health system .
the ebola test results for this patient will be available within the next 48 hours , ” nicd said. the nicd said at present , there are no confirmed cases of ebola virus disease ( evd ) in south africa associated with the current outbreak in west africa .
doctor who died of ebola hailed as hero november 29 , 2014 - ebola file – in this apr 2014 , record photo , supposing by a united methodist news service , dr. martin salia poses for a print during a united methodist church’s kissy hospital outward freetown , sierra leone .
salia , who died of ebola after treating patients in his local sierra leone , will be remembered in a suburbs of washington , where his family lives .
forty-four-year-old salia died progressing this month during a university of nebraska medical center in omaha .
a wake mass will be hold saturday , nov. 29 , during his family’s bishopric in landover hills , md .
salia is survived by his mother and dual sons .
although his medical colleagues were disturbed when he returned there to provide ebola patients , they pronounced a preference was unchanging with his character .
the 44-year-old surgeon was remembered saturday during his wake mass as a tireless , unselfish and drastic disciple for medical caring for a reduction fortunate .
salia died of ebola on nov. 17 after being flown to a sanatorium in omaha , nebraska , in a modernized stages of a lethal virus .
he became a second chairman to die in a united states after constrictive ebola in west africa , where it has killed some-more than 5,000 people .
ron klain , a white house ebola response coordinator , review a personal note of upraise from president barack obama to salia’s family .
relatives , friends , colleagues and dignitaries from both a u.s. and sierra leone were in attendance , along with sierra leonean immigrants from around a country , some of whom pronounced they didn’t know salia personally .
salia’s wife , isatu salia , wept as she carried a tiny black box containing her husband’s cremated stays into a church , flanked by a couple’s sons , 20-year-old maada and 14-year-old hinwaii .
bockari stevens , a sierra leonean envoy to a united states , called salia a inhabitant favourite who deserted “the luxuries of a united states” to assist his homeland .
it is a detriment to a country , ” stevens said .
stevens called for a united states to do some-more to “ensure that this flay is blighted” in sierra leone and a other west african nations stricken by ebola .
klain affianced that some-more assist was on a way .
salia was innate and lifted in kenema , sierra leone , and perceived his medical training in freetown , a country’s capital .
he after served as a surgical proprietor in cameroon and also worked in kenya and a united states .
his dream had been to open his possess sanatorium in sierra leone , colleagues said .
salia did not accept assertive diagnosis for ebola until scarcely dual weeks after he initial started display symptoms .
his grave diagnosis was delayed , and it took several days for him to be flown behind to a united states .
those delays , doctors said , substantially done it unfit for anyone to save his life .
dr. marilee cole , an general health consultant who ran a georgetown university training module in cameroon , remembered salia as an scarcely common physician .
the diminutive , wiry surgeon was always in motion , she said , and notwithstanding his work ethic , he managed to classify a soccer joining for a sanatorium staff .
after he finished his residency and began training other doctors , they were awed by his crowd of skills , she said .
ebola outbreak in the us ... for management of patients with known or suspected ebola virus disease in the united states www.cdc.gov/vhf/ebola/hcp ... ebola virus disease outbreak ... , nov 06 , 2014 · cdc ebola virus np real-time rt-pcr .
individuals entering the us from outbreak countries are now being actively monitored for symptoms ebola outbreak in the us date ebola information for west africans living in the united ... march 18,2015 ebola information for west africans living in the united states what you should know • ebola is a rare and deadly disease .
• the west africa ebola outbreak is the ... ebola virus disease ( ebola ) - centers for disease control ... march 18,2015 consistent with ebola ) diﬀer from the cdc case deﬁnition of a person under investigation ( pui ) for ebola , which is more speciﬁc .
2014 ebola outbreak in west africa - emergency ... march 18,2015 ... for management of patients with known or suspected ebola virus disease in the united states www.cdc.gov/vhf/ebola/hcp ... ebola virus disease outbreak ... risk assessment of the ebola virus disease outbreak in ... march 18,2015 respective country ( us and uk ) and developed symptoms subsequently .
no ... risk assessment for ebola outbreak in west africa , 30 june 2014 author : phe subject : ebola outbreak response : testing & guidance for clinical ... march 18,2015 nov 06 , 2014 · cdc ebola virus np real-time rt-pcr .
individuals entering the us from outbreak countries are now being actively monitored for symptoms ebola march 18,2015 west africa is currently experiencing the largest ebola outbreak in history .
the outbreak is ... are there any people with ebola in the us or new jersey ?
reliefweb : ebola virus disease outbreak : overview of … march 18,2015 the ebola outbreak is likely to have negative consequences on ...
in millions us $ 22 million people in need .
4,847 evd cases apr may .
you are here : home / international / doctors await ebola test results on man at mount sinai medical center doctors await ebola test results on man at mount sinai medical center tweet new york ( cbsnewyork/ap ) – doctors at mount sinai medical center are awaiting ebola test results on a man who visited west africa last month before falling sick and going into the hospital on monday .
the man showed up to the emergency room with a high fever and gastrointestinal problems .
concern increased after he told doctors he had recently traveled to a country in west africa where the deadly virus is spreading .
the man was placed into “strict isolation” within seven minutes of his arrival , and was undergoing various tests to determine the cause of the symptoms late monday , the hospital said .
extras : hospital officials address ebola concerns | ebola : what every american needs to know | more about cdc quarantine stations at a news conference early monday evening , mount sinai chief medical officer dr. jeremy boal said it was not likely that the patient was suffering from ebola .
the city’s department of health echoed what mount sinai hospital officials said , that “the patient is unlikely to have ebola.” it said more testing was being done for common causes of illness and to definitively exclude ebola .
the centers for disease control and prevention has said three americans in the united states were tested for ebola since the west african outbreak erupted this year and those results were negative .
health officials say the threat to americans at home remains relatively small .
officials at u.s. airports are watching travelers from africa for flu-like symptoms that could be tied to the recent ebola outbreak there .
border patrol agents at john f. kennedy international airport and dulles airport in washington have also been told to ask travelers about possible exposure to the virus and to be on the lookout for anyone with a fever , a headache , achiness , a sore throat , diarrhea , vomiting , stomach pain , a rash or red eyes .
the ebola virus causes a hemorrhagic fever that has sickened more than 1,600 people , killing nearly 900 mostly in liberia , guinea and sierra leone .
it’s spread through direct contact with bodily fluids .
a person exposed to the virus can take up to 21 days to exhibit symptoms , making it possible for infected travelers to enter the u.s. without knowing they have it .
over the weekend , an american physician infected with ebola was brought to the united states from africa .
he was being treated in atlanta .
a second aid worker was expected to arrive in several days .
while the cdc says it is not screening passengers boarding planes at african airports , the job of local authorities there , it said it has encouraged vulnerable countries to follow certain precautions .
outbound passengers in the countries experiencing ebola are being screened for fevers and with health questionnaires .
the current outbreak is the largest since the disease first emerged in africa nearly 40 years ago .
there is no cure or vaccine for ebola , but a vaccine is set to begin human trials next month .
so far , the vaccine has shown success in monkeys .
for more information on ebola from the cdc , click here .
check out these other stories from cbsnewyork.com : seen at 11 : love on the rocks ?
some couples solve problems with ‘marriage related posts
chinese medical team in sierra leone help fight ebola outbreak uploaded by evadmin on march 2 , 2015 at 1:07 pm like share thanks !
share it with your friends !
china has been sending medical teams into sierra leone for decades.that’s part of an africa-wide program to support health services.the team in freetown has … rating:
doctor’s death marks second u.s. ebola fatality posted 8:55 am , november 17 , 2014 , by matt from fox43 , updated at 08:57am , november 17 , 2014 × doctor’s death marks second u.s. ebola fatality a doctor who spent time treating ebola patients in west africa died from the virus monday .
the death of dr. martin salia , who contracted ebola in sierra leone , marks the second time ebola has claimed a victim in the united states .
salia died at around 5 a.m .
et monday , according to nebraska medicine spokesman taylor wilson .
a surgeon and legal permanent resident of the united states , salia was treating patients in west africa when he contracted the virus .
salia arrived saturday at nebraska medical center in omaha .
the hospital tweeted monday that he was “extremely critical” when his treatment began and “unfortunately , despite our best efforts , we weren’t able to save him.” salia was suffering from advanced symptoms of ebola , including kidney and respiratory failure , health officials said .
the first ebola patient to die in the united states was thomas eric duncan , a liberian national who traveled to texas in september from that west african country that , like sierra leone and guinea , has been hit the hardest by the ebola epidemic .
duncan , 42 , died at a dallas hospital .
he initially went to the same facility’s emergency room after he began having symptoms , but he was misdiagnosed and sent home .
two days later , he was back in the hospital , where he tested positive for the virus and his treatment began .
it is rare for someone to die in the united states from ebola because medical and monetary resources are extensive — much more so than in west africa .
salia split his time between new carrollton , maryland , and sierra leone , where he worked at a methodist hospital , cnn affiliate wjz-tv in baltimore reported .
the team caring for salia in sierra leone characterized him as critical ill , possibly sicker than patients treated successfully in the united states , according to nebraska health officials .
salia’s wife , isatu salia , a maryland resident , pushed to get him evacuated from sierra leone , the u.s. state department said .
an air ambulance crew evaluated him in freetown and determined he was well enough to travel .
isatu salia spoke to wjz over the weekend .
too upset to show her face on camera , she described talking to her husband and being wracked with worry .
he was a little slow talking , ” she said .
breaking down in tears , she said , “i’m worried for him.” a reporter asked if she was confident her husband would get the treatment he desperately needed .
isatu salia said that she did and she was “pleased” with the action the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention took when she phoned authorities there .
it was an “hour-by-hour situation” when martin salia arrived at nebraska medical center , according to dr. phil smith , director of the hospital’s biocontainment unit .
smith described salia as “extremely ill” and that “multiple highly trained specialists who are experts in their fields” worked on the surgeon’s most serious needs .
salia’s son , maada salia , told wjz that he thought his father was responding to treatment .
the surgeon received a dose of zmapp therapy , the hospital said , and a blood transfusion from an ebola survivor .
maada salia spoke admiringly of his father as he struggled over the weekend .
he puts himself down and helps those who really need help.” trademark and copyright 2015 cable news network , inc. , a time warner company .
community health workers respond to ebola outbreak in sierra leone 11 august 2014 author : unfpa unfpa regional family planning coordinator brima kamara conducts a training for community contact tracers .
photo credit : crispin cole freetown , sierra leone - in may , sierra leone detected its first-ever case of ebola , the deadly and contagious haemorrhagic disease .
by the end of july , the country had surpassed neighbouring guinea , where the break was first reported , in number of positive cases .
the outbreak has spread rapidly through four west african countries - guinea , liberia , nigeria and sierra leone - sickening at least 1,779 people and killing 961 , according to 6 august estimates from the world health organization ( who ) .
the fatality rate of ebola can reach up to 90 per cent , though it has been lower in this outbreak .
in sierra leone , there have been 631 confirmed cases , with 38 probable cases and 48 additional cases suspected .
some 298 people have died .
unfpa regional family planning coordinator brima kamara conducts a training for community contact tracers.â photo credit : crispin cole the outbreak has prompted president ernest bai koroma to declare a state of emergency in the country .
ebola is not the only concern - people are reportedly rejecting medical attention out of fear .
unfpa and the government have initiated ‘contact tracing’– a method of tracking contacts , or people linked to confirmed or probable ebola cases – in kailahun district .
kailahun is the epicentre of the country’s outbreak and the most affect district .
by tracing contacts and monitoring their health , public health officials can track the movement of the outbreak .
this also helps ensure early detection of infections and immediate treatment , and will hopefully stem the spread of the virus .
the model has been adopted and is being used in other districts by unfpa and the government .
door to door unfpa , along with who and the ministry of health and sanitation , have trained 300 health workers to serve as contact tracers .
the tracers go door-to-door to learn about people who might be affected , then follow up with each possible contact .
those exhibiting symptoms of ebola , which include fever , diarrhoea and vomiting , are closely monitored .
the health workers are also trained to protect themselves from the virus .
the collected data is sent to the district surveillance officer and the government-managed district ebola task force .
the contact tracers are equipped with mobile phones provided through a partnership between unfpa and the phone companies africell and airtel .
each company donated 150 phones that enable health workers to capture and store information in a database .
the information is then relayed to the health ministry .
the mobile phone company skytel also provided 30 mobile phones for contact tracing and surveillance .
identifying infections cases that show signs of ebola are brought by ambulance teams to a centre where blood samples are collected for laboratory confirmation .
lab-confirmed cases are referred to case management centres in kailahun and kenema .
deaths linked to ebola are transported for safe burial within 24 hours .
between 1 and 21 july , 2,458 contacts were listed as possible ebola cases .
of these , 13 per cent were screened and eliminated as potential infections .
the remaining 2,133 contacts were monitored .
of these 3.5 per cent showed symptoms of ebola .
thoughts on ebola october 23 , 2014 | uncategorized | medicscribe | 5 comments working at the hospital and on the ambulance , it has been heavy duty ebola lately .
memos , flyers , posters , policies , and lots of questions .
i have written power points , given talks and had many conversations on ebola .
every day i read the cdc site for updates , which are numerous .
i have even , along with two of my daughters , played an ebola patient in a hospital drill .
ebola hasn’t been with us long , but already i am hearing a lot of people have ebola fatigue .
while the actual number of cases in the us is likely to remain small – at least in the near term — i don’t think we have heard anywhere near the last of ebola .
ebola is like a serial killer assassin who we believe is coming here to do some killing .
we are not certain his target , but we believe , based on his rap sheet , he will most likely come after health care workers .
we have set up roadblocks at airports , the most likely place ebola is going to enter the country .
we are quarantining people who are coming in from west africa .
in some states like connecticut , we are quarantining people even if they are symptom-free , just to make certain ebola is not hiding out in them .
and , thankfully , we are hopefully training all of our responders in the proper use of ppe , and letting them practice in case ebola shows up in our town and we show up on his scene .
ebola is a tricky microbe .
while he has us all busy up here in the us of a battening down the hatches to keep us all safe , he is doing his really nasty work down in west africa .
we can take all the safeguards we want up here , but unless we can stop ebola in west africa , we are going to be dealing with ebola for a long time .
sure we can limit his damage and contain him in each isolated case that comes to america , but there will be more and more cases here unless we kick his ass in africa and drive him back into the bats in the jungle from which he likely came .
with , at the time only 2,000 cases of ebola in west africa , ebola sent two exports out -— one to spain and one to texas .
the cases are increasing exponentially in africa .
people are dying in the streets and in crowded apartments .
there are not nearly enough isolation centers to contain all the patients .
the cdc has predicted there could be 1.4 million cases by january .
that’s some heavy duty suffering .
and for those who care only about this country , how many of those cases will be exported here ?
imagine even if they don’t get to the us right away , what if they get to india or china , countries that may not be able to contain ebola like we can ?
more cases , more exports here .
more chance we are in his reach .
millions dead and worldwide ebola’s red laser on our foreheads the next time we walk into an unknown .
those of you who have seen the movie world war z may recall a scene where brad pitt and his family are eating breakfast in their home while on the small tv zombies are eating everyone in sight .
i say load up the transport planes with building materials , iv fluids and ppe gear .
recruit doctors and nurses and paramedics and emts and send them in with combat pay .
here’s a real chance to be a hero , to make a difference .
you can go from being meat in the seat up here to ebola killer .
you think you’re an inner-city bad ass with a bullet-proof vest and an et tube ?
imagine yourself with a blue hood and cape on the continent where we all came from .
fighting for the future of civilization .
beat ebola down in his own hood .
isolate those with symptoms , give them the best care and most compassion we can , and trace their contacts .
isolate , treat , and trace on and on until there are no new cases – at least until the next time ebola spills over from the jungle to people .
just as ebola did last december to a 2 year old village boy .
one two year old boy in december .
10,000 is no easy task , but if we don’t act now , there will be 100,000 , then a million .
the math won’t be working in our favor .
tired of asking patients if they have traveled to west africa ?
what question will be asking a year from now ?
it depends on how and where we respond today .
pandemic news as it breaks .
human curated , six days a week .
fri , 30 jan 2015 08:41:00 +0000 hourly
experts work to trace ebola´s path to ugandan woman´s hut published : october 19 , 2000 kabede opong , uganda , oct. 18 — five days after she fell ill with a fever , esther awete was found dead in her round , gray mud hut by her mother and sisters .
in keeping with local custom , family members and friends kept the 36-year-old mother 's body in her hut for two days so all could take part in the funeral .
they conducted a ritual bath and buried her less than 30 feet from where she had died , then washed their hands in a communal basin as a sign of unity .
that was on sept. 7 .
what they did not know then was that ms. awete 's body was carrying the highly contagious ebola virus , one of the most gruesome and lethal viruses known .
now , ms. awete 's mother , three sisters and three other relatives are dead and the virus has spread across a 15-mile radius , killing 39 people and infecting as many as 63 others .
ebola is transmitted through contact with bodily fluids , such as mucus , saliva and blood , and can be passed through a simple handshake .
four days after exposure , flu-like symptoms set in , followed by bloody diarrhea and vomiting .
ten to fifteen days later , the victims `` bleed out '' through the nose , mouth and eyes .
blood and other bodily fluids also begin seeping through the skin , producing painful blisters .
how ms. awete — so far the first person known to have contracted ebola in uganda — became infected is a mystery .
today , an international team of health inspectors , wearing double layers of latex gloves and homemade surgical masks , fanned out around villages searching hut to hut for clues and new victims among frightened residents .
while they know it resides in a host animal or insect that it does not kill , they have not identified the host .
one of ms. awete 's two children , a 9-month-old boy , died of ebola within days of her funeral , although her 8- year-old son — who did not take part in the funeral — has so far survived .
ms. awete lived with her mother and sisters in a compound of six thatched huts and a dilapidated house surrounded by banana plants and rows of corn .
she made her living selling home-brewed cassava beer and corn she ground by hand inside her 15-foot wide , windowless hut .
kabede opong is three miles from gulu , a town of 150,000 about 225 miles north of the capital , kampala .
people here do not eat wild animals — suspected as the source of some past ebola outbreaks — and ms. awete did nothing exceptional before she died , except for a trip to another village to get cassava leaves .
investigators from the atlanta- based centers for disease control and prevention were bringing sophisticated equipment , not available in uganda , that can confirm any infection .
in recent days , anyone with early symptoms of the disease has been quarantined and counted as a potential victim .
symptoms of ebola virus december 29 , 2014 by carter nolan leave a comment [ php snippet=1 ] [ php snippet=2 ] the generic medical assistance here would be the most critical , so it needs to have the replacement of the so-called coagulation elements here as well as the heparin .
this will occur when the disseminated intravascular coagulation tries to develop .
the care needs to get administered with the high attention to other barrier isolation .
besides , it’s undeniable that the body fluids like the urine and stool for examples .
such things own the most infectious viruses , so it’s needed for us to highly care about it .
so what is the treatment for ebola ?
there will be no specific therapy available to use , since most of the treatments can’t have the proven-efficacy in the treatment of the hemorrhagic temperature at all .
it’s the surgical intervention would be meant to help each of us to follow one mistaken diagnosis in which the virus-associated abdominal signs get mistaken for another surgical abdominal emergency .
it’s also essential to know how such a mistake could become fatal for anyone and for any surgical team member who turns to be contaminated with the blood of the patients .
moreover , there will be no actually ebola vaccine after all , but there’s another recombinant human monoclonal antibody led against the envelope gp of the virus has gone demonstrated .
this is just for the act of possessing the neutralizing the activity .
moreover , the virus neutralizing antibody is assumed to be highly useful in the practice of developing the vaccine .
beyond than that , it can be seen to be a passive prophylactic agent .
in addition , the researches on vaccines still keep going .
let’s basically move on to the most supportive therapy here with our closer attention , as it comes to any type of intravascular volume , nutrition and the high care for the high comfort .
such things are completely beneficial to all patients .
in fact , the most intravascular volume repletion can be seen to be one of the most crucial and supportive means after all .
all survivors are capable of releasing the most infectious viruses for any prolonged period .
thus , the most strict barrier isolation in one personal room away from the traffic patterns needs to get kept during the illness .
try to be more vigilant to the body fluids like the urine , stool , and blood together with the objects having come in a great contact with the patient .
don’t forget about any laboratory equipment , since they must be disinfected with one 0.5 % sodium hypochlorite .
agence france-presse december 12 , 2014 11:30 december 12 , 2014 11:30 fourth un staff contracts ebola in liberia enlarge ( globalpost/globalpost ) a fourth member of the un mission in liberia , the country hardest-hit by the ebola epidemic , has been hospitalised after testing positive for the virus .
liberia tops the number of ebola deaths in the world with 3,376 fatalities but has seen a clear decrease of new transmissions in the past month .
ebola has killed 7,518 people , almost all of them in the west african epicentres of liberia , sierra leone and guinea .
the un member tested positive on tuesday and was immediately transferred to an ebola treatment unit , karin landgren , the special representative of un chief ban ki-moon said .
it said the mission had stepped up surveillance `` to ensure that all people who came into contact with the staff member while symptomatic are assessed and quarantined .
the vehicles used to transport the patient and locations they visited while symptomatic are being decontaminated .
ban , who recently toured west africa for a first-hand assessment of the fight against ebola , said on his return that the un must learn lessons from the crisis and begin preparing now for the next outbreak of the deadly disease .
the secretary general also called for recovery efforts to be stepped up in west africa to rebuild shattered economies , get children back in school and begin caring for ebola orphans .
his appeal followed sharp criticism from non-governmental organisations that the united nations , in particular the world health organization , were too slow to swing into action .
west african media on ebola : sensationalist or promoting public health ?
ebola virus a serious threat to urban areas local media in west africa have a crucial role to play in keeping the population informed about the ebola outbreak .
but there is much debate over how they should be performing this task .
tempers are wearing thin among many officials in countries affected by the ebola virus .
the senegalese authorities did not only deny the story was true , they also arrested the paper 's publisher felix nzale the same day for spreading false information .
yet there was at least one suspected case of ebola in senegal , but it was not confirmed .
journalists in many african countries reporting on the ebola epidemic are encountering pressure on several fronts .
commercial media houses face stiff competition as they scramble to turn out a steady stream of exciting , exclusive stories .
but the media 's job is to inform and to raise awareness so that the general public can protect themselves from the disease .
journalists , government officials , aid organizations and experts , such as aliou barry from guinea who runs a civil society network in west africa , emphasize repeatedly how important it is for local media to report on the epidemic .
there is still a huge information gap that needs to be filled even months after the start of the outbreak .
but barry is dissatisfied with the way many journalists are covering the story .
their reports concentrate mostly on the dangers of the epidemic , but contain far too little information on how people can protect themselves .
health experts stress the need to inform people about the life-threatening disease bigger response from the international community expected elijah grega is the director of culture fm , a radio station based in freetown , capital of sierra leone .
he and his team of journalists have been trying to do justice to the ebola story for months ; endeavoring to live up to the numerous and varied expectations people have of their reporting on the disease .
they broadcast several reports on the topic every day - a combination of the latest developments , politics and practical hints on how to protect yourself .
on wednesday ( 13.08.2014 ) there was a report on the lukewarm response from the international community .
there is also health advice as well .
culture fm says it is not in the race to uncover and broadcast the most gruesome ebola stories .
we do n't want to make things worse , '' grega said .
but even if grega and his staff desist from spreading panic and stories that have n't been verified , there are still rumors that they can not afford to ignore .
one such rumor is that this latest ebola outbreak originated in a us chemical weapons laboratory .
public health by beth skwarecki posted : january 14 , 2015 although the ebola epidemic is still raging in west africa , us and european buzz about the disease spiked briefly and then all but disappeared , according to google search data published in vox’s in-depth report .
liberia’s situation is the most promising , compared to the other two countries involved , writes julia belluz at vox .
experts say that guinea has “no discernible upward or downward trend” of cases , sierra leone is “the most challenging front , ” and liberia is the country closest to having the outbreak under control .
ebola eradication is probably impossible , because the disease seems to simmer in wildlife populations , including bats , making occasional jumps into humans .
until recently , the outbreaks only killed dozens or hundreds of people before fizzling out , sometimes without another recorded case for years .
the current outbreak , on the other hand , has been going on for over a year , with an official death toll of , at this writing , over 8,000 .
now , a new model of the epidemic suggests that it may be under control , at least in liberia , by summer of this year .
i spoke with john drake , whose team at the university of georgia studies the dynamics of groups of living things , from wildlife populations to disease epidemics .
they have a paper out in plos biology today describing their prediction .
what’s the best case scenario and the worst case scenario here ?
the worst case is that it could be quite terrible .
if the current vigilance and investment and public buy-in isn’t maintained , it could take a turn for the worse .
i don’t think the worst case scenario is a very likely outcome , because i think that the public , the community , the politicians , the health community have all been galvanized by their battle with ebola over the summer and fall of 2014 .
and they’ve made tremendous gains , and i think that they’re going to maintain that vigilance .
and i’m optimistic that the great majority of transmission could be eliminated by the late spring , maybe even slightly earlier .
a lot of previous models focused on r0 [ the number of new infections that each infected person can cause ] , but yours takes other factors into account .
a lot of models are based on an ‘if everything remains the same’ kind of assumption , and all that’s changing is the number of susceptible and infectious persons in the population .
but we said , well , no !
the baseline is not staying the same , because they’re building ebola treatment units .
so hospital capacity is increasing .
and what effect does that have on containing the outbreak ?
we included that trajectory , that sequence of ebola treatment units being constructed in the development of our model .
another important difference is that we focused on the different sites at which persons would acquire infection , whether that was in the hospital , at a funeral , or in the community , and how that would feed back into transmission .
if a person acquires the infection in the hospital , then they’re very likely to be treated in the hospital , and the contact rate would be low .
on the other hand , a person who contracted the infection in the community might go to the hospital and effectively be isolated from the susceptible population .
but they might be treated in the community , which means a larger number of persons might be exposed .
and so this places an emphasis on the willingness of potentially infected persons to seek care and be treated , and allows us to explore better what’s the possible range of outcomes based on the frequency with which patients are isolated .
another difference is in order to make our work tractable , we took a shortcut .
we said , we don’t suspect that what epidemiologists call susceptible depletion , the extent to which previously infected individuals are removed from the population and therefore causing the epidemic to be self limiting—we don’t think we’re in that situation yet .
and by making the approximation that susceptible depletion was negligible , that allowed us to make further progress on emphasizing the sorts of things we thought were important .
your predictions are focused on liberia , but the epidemic is also raging in guinea and sierra leone .
do you think all three can contain it by this summer ?
our model is liberia specific .
there are differences among these countries ; we don’t fully understand what those differences are .
my group decided to focus on liberia because at the time we began this work , it’s where the epidemic was most out of control , it’s where we thought we could make the greatest contribution , and it’s where we had the best information .
and we knew of other folks working particularly on sierra leone and guinea .
epidemiologically i think sierra leone is probably fairly similar .
transmission in guinea seems to be a little bit different , and i think people are scratching their heads to understand first of all how is it different , and secondly what are the consequences of those differences .
i wouldn’t say the whole thing is coming to a close yet .
i think that if liberia is able to maintain their current level of response , and if they are able to prevent reinfection , reignition of the epidemic within liberia , then i think we’re on a downward trend for liberia .
but it’s in a context in which there’s going to be interaction with neighboring countries , and there’s a possibility for subsequent flare-ups , so it requires vigilance and rapid response .
i think that the response in sierra leone and guinea will ultimately contain those epidemics .
i think that they are working very hard to accomplish that , and eventually that will happen in those places as well .
but there needs to be continued investment in those places .
what do people need to know about ebola now ?
i do think the public’s been well informed about this particular epidemic , and i think that people understand that there’s not any reason for hysteria in western europe or in the united states or places that are contributing health professionals to try and contain this epidemic .
i think that we are learning things about how collectively the world can respond to emerging infectious diseases like this that really pose a threat not just in one region or in a particular country or in the developing world , but that actually expose us all to some level of risk .
and how to mobilize our scientists and medics and policy makers in a coordinated way .
failures in the fight against ebola ebola virus a serious threat to urban areas the world seems to be losing the battle against ebola .
critics say the international community is not doing enough to curb the disease .
when doctor werner strahl talks about the fight against ebola in sierra leone , the physician tells a tale of deficiencies and shortages .
strahl , a pediatrician and president of the humanitarian organization cap anamur , has just returned to germany from freetown , sierra leone 's capital .
there , he helped out at a clinic for two weeks .
and it is one that is not fit at all to deal with patients coming in with a fever , one of the symptoms of the deadly disease .
we needed to get the blood there and then we needed to get the information back .
it took up to three days for us to get results of ebola tests .
by the time tests confirmed that one little girl had contracted the disease , nurses and doctors had already been in close contact with the child , strahl tells dw .
medical staff stayed home as a result , only two doctors continued to treat patients .
protective suits and gloves were in short supply .
these deficits on the ground , strahl says , are the sort of mistakes that have characterized the international response since the outbreak was detected in march .
early warnings `` so many opportunities were missed , '' strahl tells dw .
we asked for more protective gear and for widespread awareness campaigns .
in many areas hit by the virus , they are still scarce .
who director-general margaret chan says that everyone involved initially underestimated the outbreak .
more than 1,500 people have died from ebola since march , most of them in liberia , guinea and sierra leone .
at current infection rates , more than 20,000 new cases could occur over the next six months .
yet chan is still optimistic , `` because we believe the outbreak can and will be controlled .
we know what is needed and we know how to do it .
it emphasizes grassroots actions against the disease and stipulates the need for caution at funerals .
who chief chan thanked those countries that have already pledged to contribute funds to the plan .
she asked for more countries to join the fight against ebola .
house on fire but even that will not be enough , says joanne liu , president of doctors without borders .
to put out this fire , we need to run into the burning house .
and we see that it is not easy to find people .
instead governments should provide enough money and staff for the who to do its work effectively .
discovery , abc to air ‘ebola : inside the deadly outbreak’ with dr richard besser share this tags # ebola2014 abc africa cdc cdc ebola cdc statement discovery channel ebola ebola 2014 ebola doctor ebola news ebola outbreak john fankhauser liberia liberia ebola reality tv richard besser the discovery channel discovery channel and discovery fit & health announced that the networks will simulcast ebola : inside the deadly outbreak which premieres thursday , sept. 18 at 10pm .
discovery and abc news partner to bring viewers this one-hour premiere special , a comprehensive look into the history , containment , and medical implications of this highly infectious disease .
abc news’ chief medical editor and former acting director of the cdc , dr. richard besser , leads viewers throughout the hour and explores whether this outbreak can happen in the u.s. , among other subjects .
image/cdc in an exclusive interview , dr. besser talks dr. john fankhauser , who treated both kent brantly and nancy writebol for ebola before they were flown back to the united states .
after returning to the u.s. briefly , dr. fankhauser went back to monrovia to care for dr. richard a. sacra , the mass .
physician also infected with ebola while working at a hospital in liberia .
dr. fankhauser shares with dr. besser exclusive insight on nancy writebol , the american missionary who was evacuated from liberia where she had been working at an ebola ward , among other topics .
dr. besser risks his life by traveling to the heart of the hot zone in monrovia , liberia , to share journeys of patients and caretakers , and reveals the moments that left him scared for his life .
in other interviews , viewers meet finda , a woman who waited for days to seek treatment , even though much of her family , including her own son , had succumbed to the virus ; and a young man who lost half of his family to ebola as he became unwittingly trapped in quarantine , who crosses forbidden lines to tell dr. besser his story .
additional footage includes other stories of the healthcare workers struggling to contain the widespread epidemic .
during the premiere of ebola : inside the deadly outbreak , to help educate and explore the ebola virus outbreak , abc news’ dr. richard besser will be answering questions and live tweeting – follow @ drrichardbesser @ discovery and @ disc_health to join in the conversation .
additionally , discovery channel and discovery fit & health will simulcast nbc news special : saving dr. brantly at 9 pm .
ebola scare at 37 military hospital ; two soldiers isolated print this an ebola scare hit the 37 military hospital in accra yesterday following the admission of two ghanaian soldiers who recently returned from peacekeeping duties in mali .
the two soldiers are currently in isolation at the bandoh ward a and although their blood samples are yet to be tested at the noguchi memorial institute for medical research ( nmimr ) , medical personnel and some patients on admission appeared alarmed when the daily graphic visited the hospital .
information picked up indicated that the two patients were admitted last tuesday , but suspicion of their being infected by the ebola virus was raised yesterday .
the daily graphic also learnt that some patients had been moved from their wards , while some medical staff stood in groups to discuss the issue .
although most of the medical staff and other officials were tight-lipped over the issue , a doctor who spoke on condition of anonymity said it was yet to be confirmed if the soldiers had contracted the disease .
it was observed that men in military uniform and wearing protective equipment were disinfecting the wards .
the deputy director of information and press relations of the hospital , lieutenant commander andy la-anyane , told the daily graphic that the blood samples of the two soldiers had been sent to the nmimr for further laboratory investigations .
he said the soldiers were currently not showing any signs of the disease , adding that “we are waiting for the results from noguchi .
lt commander la-anyane said that was because the military high command did not want soldiers who returned from such countries to “go back to the barracks and probably infect other people if they had contracted the disease” .
he stated that the command would not hesitate to put the information out if the sample tests turned out to be positive .
for more news go to : related articles:
email dallas — dallas ebola patient thomas eric duncan died wednesday morning at texas health presbyterian hospital , the hospital said .
airports in the united states will begin taking the temperatures of arriving passengers who have flight itineraries originating from west african countries where ebola is concentrated , according to a federal official with direct knowledge of the screenings .
the screenings will begin this weekend or next week , the source said .
among the countries considered to be in the so-called ebola zone are guinea , sierra leone , liberia and nigeria .
the new measures at u.s. airports come a day after dr. thomas frieden , the director of the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention , told reporters that devising travel guidelines was in the works but nothing had yet been finalized enough to announce .
the ebola virus can spread through contact with bodily fluids — blood , sweat , feces , vomit , semen and saliva — and only by someone who is showing symptoms , according to the cdc .
people with ebola may not be symptomatic for up to 21 days .
symptoms generally occur abruptly eight to 10 days after infection , though that period can range from two to 21 days , health officials say .
consider thomas eric duncan , the first ebola patient diagnosed in the u.s .
he was screened for the virus before flying from liberia to the united states on september 19 , but he didn’t show symptoms until he was in dallas for several days .
people the cdc has identified as having contact with duncan are being closely monitored and their temperatures taken twice a day .
on tuesday , frieden said that none of them have shown symptoms .
but air travelers must keep in mind that ebola is not transmitted through the air , said dr. marty cetron , director of the cdc’s division of global migration and quarantine .
cases in europe meanwhile , frederic vincent , a spokesman for the european commission , told cnn on wednesday that there have been eight confirmed cases of ebola in european countries .
there is one case in the united kingdom that has been treated and the person has recovered ; one case in france like that ; two cases in germany in which patients are receiving treatment ; and three cases in spain : two deceased spanish missionaries and a nurse’s assistant who is being treated .
there is also a case in which a norwegian staffer with doctors without borders is being treated , he said .
also in spain , health officials said four more potential ebola cases — in addition to the nurse’s assistant — are under observation .
cases in west africa the globe’s largest outbreak of ebola has killed more than 3,400 people in guinea , liberia and sierra leone .
since march , more than 7,400 people have contracted ebola in those nations , according to the world health organization .
the cdc is tracking the latest cases in the region .
hoax ebola messages ‘regrettable’ – health dept jevanne gibbs members of doctors without borders ( msf ) put on protective gear at the isolation ward of donka hospital , on july 23 , 2014 in conakry , where a liberian man is being treated for ebola-like symptoms .
it is ‘extremely regrettable’ that people continue to make unfounded allegations about cases of ebola in the country , the health department said on thursday .
this week a message circulated via bbm claiming that one person had died of the ebola virus in durban was found to be a hoax , according to south coast herald .
tabloid media , which was initially fingered as the ‘source’ for the broadcast message , has categorically denied any involvement .
yeah man i did gt it '' @ khanyisanidlomo : i received a bbm text early today saying # ebola virus is town .
anyone from durban who received it ?
earlier in the week rumours were circulating that a ship had been quarantined in richards bay because of a suspected case of the ebola virus on board .
however home affairs spokesperson mayihlome tshwete denied this , saying it was standard procedure for container ships coming from specific regions to be isolated and inspected .
no traces of the ebola virus were discovered during the inspection .
deadliest outbreak the deadliest ebola outbreak in recorded history has now infected nearly 2 000 people , with more than half of those killed by the disease , according to the world health organisation .
the latest data indicated that ebola is believed to have infected 1 975 people in the four west african countries since the outbreak began this year .
a total of 1 069 infected people have been confirmed dead .
the outbreak began in guinea , and has since spread to liberia , sierra leone and nigeria .
on monday , the who convened a panel of medical ethicists , scientific experts , and lay people from the affected countries to consider and assess the ethical implications for clinical decision-making of the potential use of unregistered interventions .
mapping is also underway to develop an operational picture in order to coordinate and move people and materials to areas of greatest need , ” the organisation said in a statement .
related stories do you still have confidence in president jacob zuma ?
no , he must resign yes , the country can recover under his leadership my confidence in him does not count today in print
feds say mistakes on dallas ebola case should n't cause worry october 5 , 2014 publisher : dallas morning news date published : fri , 03 oct 2014 22:22:05 -0700 description : a dallas hazmat truck pulls up to the ivy apartment complex where thomas eric duncan was staying .
duncan is in isolation at texas health presbyterian hospital in dallas , texas on friday , october 3 , 2014 .
to end ebola in 2015 needs foreign aid–and local support by staff , 3:00 pm from yahoo/written by maria cheng and clarence roy-macaulay sierra leone rang in the new year without the usual midnight festivities on its beaches in the steamy capital .
instead , the president urged the nation to stay at home , fast and pray that the plague of ebola will finally end in west africa .
first of all , we have the highly dubious marketing aspect of the whole event , in order to achieve an explosive effect .
media outlets , taking their cue from the cdc , are using the term , “1st us ebola patient , ” when that is obviously false .
several other ebola patients have been treated in the us , most notably dr. keith brantly .
it turns out the cdc technically means : first ebola patient diagnosed here in the us .
the others were apparently diagnosed in west africa .
the difference is hardly significant .
it certainly doesn’t rate banner headlines .
so why is the cdc , and therefore the us government making such a big deal out of this patient ?
the cdc wants every american to know the agency is hunting down—and will quarantine—every person they find who had recent contact with the dallas patient—beginning a new phase in the ebola scare-campaign .
not only that , any of those contacts who turn out to be positive for ebola will , in turn , trigger a yet-wider search for his/her contacts…and so on .
this hunt-and-search dragnet sets the stage for quarantines in designated sectors across the us.—and travel bans .
the dragnet comes at a moment when announcements about releasing a new ebola vaccine are accelerating—and of course the cdc wants to make sure americans accept the vaccine , even though tests for its safety have barely begun .
ramp up the fear of ebola ; release the vaccine ; urge , insist , and demand the population take the shot .
on a scientific level , as cdc chief tom frieden mentioned in his press conference yesterday , the diagnosis of ebola in the dallas patient was done by the use of the pcr test .
frieden assured the press the test is highly accurate .
actually , the very sensitive test is prone to a number of errors , the first of which is mistaking the tiny amount of cellular material taken from the patient for an element of the ebola virus .
more important , since the pcr is based on the idea of amplifying , millions of times , this sample , in order to be able to observe it , it throws into doubt the premise that the patient has enough virus in his body to cause disease .
a person who is purportedly ill as a result of a virus has millions and millions of the active virus in his body .
there is no need to run the pcr test in that case .
it is therefore legitimate to ask : why was the pcr done on the dallas patient ?
instead , why weren’t other tests run ?
and : why wasn’t a test done which directly isolated the ebola virus in the patient and then measured the quantity and concentration ( titer ) of it in his body ?
following their own paradigm of disease , that’s what researchers and doctors would want : information about how much virus is present in the patient .
the pcr test does not yield reliable data in that regard .
no scientist who owes his job and reputation to the cdc or any other conventional medical organization will press these questions , but there are plenty of independent scientists who can step forward .
the dallas patient is being used to forward a fear/quarantine/vaccine agenda .
notice—absolutely nothing is being said about the most important fact in this equation : the strength of a person’s immune system and its superior ability to throw off a virus on its own .
that would undercut the fact that selling drugs and vaccines is the number-one ambition of the medical industry .
jon rappoport the author of three explosive collections , the matrix revealed , exit from the matrix , and power outside the matrix , jon was a candidate for a us congressional seat in the 29th district of california .
he maintains a consulting practice for private clients , the purpose of which is the expansion of personal creative power .
nominated for a pulitzer prize , he has worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years , writing articles on politics , medicine , and health for cbs healthwatch , la weekly , spin magazine , stern , and other newspapers and magazines in the us and europe .
jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics , health , logic , and creative power to audiences around the world .
you can sign up for his free emails at http : //www.nomorefakenews.com internet radio show schedule new times !
trapping the ebola virus in transit feb 27 , diseases , conditions , syndromes full size image credit : cdc / wikipedia.org the deadly ebola virus makes use of host mechanisms – including a specific type of membrane-bound calcium channel – to gain entry into the cell cytoplasm .
lmu researchers now show that blocking this channel markedly inhibits infection .
in recent weeks , reports from west africa , which has experienced by far the worst ebola epidemic yet seen , have signaled a turn for the better in the fight against the disease .
in the three countries worst affected , the number of new infections has fallen significantly .
indeed , the world health organization ( who ) has officially declared that the epidemic in mali has ended , although that announcement could yet prove premature .
after all , no previous outbreak has been so prolonged or so extensive .
furthermore , in areas where the epidemic is still raging , there has been little change in the incidence of lethality , and the majority of infected patients succumb to the disease .
there are still no effective and readily available treatments , although several promising lead candidates are now undergoing early clinical testing .
the virus causes a severe hemorrhagic fever , which leads to widespread internal bleeding and ultimately results in death owing to multiple organ failure .
how the virus infects host cells and exploits their metabolism for the production of new virus particles is not fully understood .
a collaborative effort involving teams based in germany and in the us has now supplied one of the missing pieces of the puzzle – and uncovered a new target for therapeutic drugs to combat the infection .
the new work , carried out by research groups led by pharmacologists martin biel and christian wahl at lmu , and virologist dr. robert davey at the texas biomedical research institute in san antonio , is reported in the leading american journal `` science '' .
the ebola virus ( ebov ) infects macrophages ( whose normal function is to dispose of pathogens that have been marked for destruction by other cells of the immune system ) by latching onto specific receptor molecules found on their surfaces .
receptor binding causes the cell membrane to fold inwards like a pouch which is then pinched off , engulfing the receptors and the attached viruses in so-called endocytic vesicles .
these `` endosomes '' then fuse with another type of vesicles called lysosomes .
specific ion-channel proteins in the lysosomal membrane , known as two-pore channels ( tpcs ) , are known to play an important role in the fusion process .
biel and his colleagues have now shown that tpcs are essential for the establishment of an ebola infection : upon binding of an endosome , the tpcs release a stream of calcium ions into the cytoplasm that serves as a signal for membrane fusion , which is required to ensure that ebola infection cycle can proceed .
if the tpcs are genetically defective or functionally inhibited , the viruses remain trapped in the endosomes , effectively aborting the infection .
the researchers also found that tetrandrine , an alkaloid derived from plants which has long been used in traditional chinese medicine , effectively inhibits infection of isolated macrophages by ebov .
experiments carried out by the american group in their state-of-the art containment facility in san antonio confirmed that the agent is therapeutically active in mice inoculated with the virus , while displaying relatively low toxicity .
meanwhile , the ion-channel experts in munich took a closer look at the interaction between tetrandrine and tpcs and analyzed its effect on their function .
the fact that the lmu team had previously created mouse strains that lack individual tpcs was the crucial element in this part of the project .
some of this work were carried out under the auspices of the center for integrated protein science munich ( cipsm ) – a cluster of excellence – and the transregio-collaborative research center 152 `` trips to homeostasis : maintenance of body homeostasis by transient receptor potential channel modules '' .
martin biel believes that targeting the tpcs represents a promising strategy for fighting the virus .
the munich team now plans to improve the pharmacological and biochemical properties of tetrandrine and enhance its specificity for the ion channel .
995-998 doi : 10.1126/science.1258758 provided by ludwig maximilian university of munich
ebola outbreak 2014 teddy ebola cases prompt mini-quaratine in sierra leone capital file – in this wednesday , sept. 24 , 2014 file photo , healthcare workers load a man suspected of suffering from the ebola virus onto an ambulance in kenema , sierra leone .
sierra leone imposed a quarantine in a fishing district of the capital city … read more on atlantadailyworld twists , turns , eventually lead to promising ebola vaccine over and over , dr. nancy sullivan thought she 'd finally gotten her ebola vaccine right , only to see the next experiment fail .
but it was those failures that sullivan credits for helping her unravel enough mysteries of the immune system to finally bring … read more on atlantadailyworld teddy british health worker monitored for ebola after sierra leone needle-stick injury british nurses pauline cafferkey and will pooley both survived the highly-contagious disease after contracting it while treating patients in sierra leone last year .
they were treated in a specialist isolation unit at the royal free and both made a full … read more on telegraph.co.uk ebola 'blood money ' saga !
according to the deputy auditor general tamba momoh , records including procurement and evaluation committees ' minutes , matrixes etc , were not submitted to … read more on allafrica.com sierra leone loses track of millions in ebola funds from may to october 2014 , the period covered by the audit , the government spent more than $ 19 million on its ebola response .
while there is no known effective cure for ebola , the centers isolated … read more on washington post # ebola cure teddy aussie ebola nurse rushed to uk after battling deadly disease in sierra leone an australian nurse who was treating ebola patients in sierra leone has been rushed to the uk for observation .
the female nurse , who has not been named , was airlifted to britain after she spent time caring for people at the australian-managed ebola … read more on mirror.co.uk nurse who contracted ebola released from hospital pauline and all of the nhs volunteers helping to contain , control and defeat ebola are making a huge difference in the fight against this horrible disease .
their hard work is saving lives and they have the thanks of the uk and sierra leone alike .
my … read more on the guardian latest updates : patient tests negative for ebola at north manchester general … a patient was being tested in manchester for ebola , it was revealed on monday night .
public health england said the patient was in north manchester general hospital in crumpsall for a series of tests .
the patient is said to have a 'history of travel … read more on manchester evening news # ebola england teddy sierra leone : msf opens maternity unit for pregnant women with ebola since the onset of the ebola outbreak , pregnant women have had limited access to healthcare .
fever and bleeding – both common during pregnancy – are also symptoms of ebola , so health staff have often been reluctant to admit them to hospital or let them … read more on médecins sans frontières ( msf ) international un health agency names new ebola response chief … controlled yet despite a significant fall in the number of new cases across west africa .
ebola is a form of hemorrhagic fever , whose symptoms are diarrhea , vomiting , and bleeding .
it 's a clear indication that the war against the disease is … read more on the news ebola virus death toll in west africa nearing 9000 in line with statistics , the maximum number of ebola-related deaths and cases has been registered in liberia — 3,710 cumulative deaths and 8,668 cumulative cases .
liberia is followed by sierra leone ( 3,274 deaths and 10,707 cases ) and guinea ( 1,937 … read more on focus news # ebola statistics teddy liberia , sierra leone , guinea making ebola strides ebola cases in sierra leone have fallen for the second straight week and health experts say the region could be turning a corner in the battle against the disease .
the number of new cases in the three hardest hit nations – liberia , sierra leone and … read more on usa today ebola could put a stop to female genital mutilation in sierra leone ebola has devastated sierra leone , but has also brought some unexpected solace for the women and girls there .
the country has temporarily banned female genital mutilation ( fgm ) as part of its aggressive efforts to stop the worst ebola epidemic on … read more on huffington post # ebola sierra leone teddy virginia hospital center contributes to ebola fight in sierra leone associate vice president of virginia hospital center , naomi coppedge. , a native of ghana , west africa , accommodated many sierra leoneans who visited her office to explain the mounting health problem that has been caused by the ebola scourge .
read more on the patriotic vanguard woman being tested for ebola at nj hospital a new case of ebola may have just touched down in new jersey .
a woman traveling from sierra leone ​on a connecting flight from brussels was being tested at a new jersey hospital to see if she has the​ potentially deadly virus .
officials said the … read more on new york post ebola is creating a new epidemic of untreated illness and injury the ebola outbreak is no longer on front pages , but the onslaught of cases has n't stopped : mcdonnell estimates there have been more 400 new cases in the last 21 days .
since being forced to close in october , redemption hospital has recently reopened , … read more on wgbh news # ebola hospital teddy sierra leone resident tests negative in tokyo for ebola a japanese woman in her 70s who developed a fever after flying to tokyo from sierra leone has tested negative for the ebola virus , the health , labor and welfare ministry said monday .
she is the fifth person in japan suspected of being infected .
all … read more on the japan times japan 's nikkei reverses , drops over 1 percent on suspected ebola case a man who returned to japan from sierra leone on dec. 23 was suspected of contracting the disease , the ministry of health , labour and welfare said .
test results are expected on tuesday morning .
if confirmed , it would be the first diagnosis of the ebola … read more on reuters
george noory goes off on obama’s ebola response “2015” alex jones welcomes george noory of coast to coast am to the show and gets his thought on the news and what we can expect to see in the future .
alex jones welcomes george noory of coast… reblogged 4 days ago from ...
pauline cafferkey 's diary as a nurse on ebola 's frontline uk 's first ebola patient keeps moving diary recording experiences on frontline against deadly disease in sierra leone .
pauline cafferkey by telegraph reporter 11:08pm gmt 30 dec 2014 pauline cafferkey , the first patient to be diagnosed with ebola in britain , was volunteering with save the children in sierra leone .
she kept a moving first-person diary recording her first four weeks on the frontline in the battle against the deadly disease : week one : from the minute i step off the plane in sierra leone , the smell of chlorine hits me and a thermometer is pointed at my head .
fortunately this is by no means a bad thing .
as part of the group of 30 nhs staff who left the uk we have gone our separate ways and i am with a group of 14 working with an ngo ( non-government organisation/charity ) just outside the capital , freetown .
we are very well catered for and are housed in a wee shack on the beach .
it has electricity for a few hours during the night and although mostly cold has running water .
this is basic stuff but i’m not here for a holiday .
being coastal we are very fortunate to get to walk along a beautiful beach every day to get to the hotel that serves our food .
although i don’t get to see a great deal of sierra leone , from the journey to work and the area surrounding where we are staying , i can tell it is a country of immense natural beauty .
not only that , but we pass a small mangrove with crocodiles every day , not your average walk to work .
after nine days of training in the uk it feels good to eventually set foot in the ebola treatment centre and begin work .
related articles ebola in uk : doctor who sat next to ebola nurse on plane speaks of shock 30 dec 2014 the area where the ebola patients are is classed as the infective red zone , and the area surrounding it , the safe green zone .
bizarrely we find ourselves saying “good luck” to our colleagues prior to entering the red zone , a sobering reminder of what we are doing .
i was ill the other day , either from over-hydration as not enough salts in my body or heat exhaustion .
it’s very difficult to judge the amount of fluid needed as the quantities we loose are immense .
the ors [ oral rehydration salts ] which get added to water to help balance out the body’s salt and sugars that are being lost are not the most palatable .
i vomited out of the minibus window on the way home – luckily i managed to avoid any splash back and being decapitated .
week two : feel like the work i am doing is a normal part of life .
my nice community- nursing job in blantyre is far removed from this but at the moment this seems a lot more real .
the dreams that i do remember always seem to have an ebola theme , it seems to be all consuming .
the ppe [ personal protective equipment ] alien-type suit that i have to wear when going into the positive red zone is horrendous .
it takes about 20 minutes to dress and 15 minutes to take the suit off at the other end .
they would certainly be beneficial on a cold winter’s night in scotland but working in them in 30-degree heat is uncomfortable to say the least .
on the up side , i feel very well protected .
i was unaware that i could sweat so much .
when i get to the decontamination area and remove the suit and gloves , there are pools of sweat dripping from me and not a dry hair on my head .
i feel sorry for the poor patients who have these alien-type people caring for them .
especially so for the young children , who are not only very sick but have these strange creatures with only their eyes visible trying to make them drink and take medications .
week three : had an awful shift this week .
i was with a lady who was dying .
i could tell she didn’t have long , so i was trying to make her comfortable .
there was a young boy standing at the window looking in and i waved to him .
a few minutes later she had passed away and i heard the boy crying outside the ward .
when i went to him , he asked if she had died .
he said she was his mother .
he had already lost his father to ebola , and now he had no parents .
i tried to console him , and he said he has a sister who also came to the treatment centre with him and his mother , but he did not know where she was .
a young girl had died that morning .
i could not be one hundred per cent sure that it was his sister , so i wasn’t able to offer him any news .
i took him back to his ward and gave him a drink .
on leaving the red zone i checked the notes and confirmed that the girl who died that morning was his sister .
his mother had seen her daughter die in the bed across from her that morning and she died a few hours later .
i informed the psychologist of the young boy and she will offer support .
the sad thing is that this is a regular occurrence and we see and hear of whole families being wiped out by this awful disease .
week four : not long till christmas , there is no sign of anything christmassy .
apparently the government have banned any christmas and new year gatherings .
apart from the obvious impact on health , ebola is multifaceted in its destruction , with high unemployment and many orphans .
the schools have been closed for some time now and it doesn’t look like that they will be opening any time soon .
the sierra leonean’s are normally very tactile people who , prior to ebola would hug and shake hands as a normal greeting and now have to change their culture .
even for us nhs staff , when we accidentally touch each other we call out “no touch” in a humorous manner .
the already very busy treatment centre will be getting a lot busier in the next few days as the government have started doing house-to-house searches for those who are potentially infected .
as there is still a lot of stigma surrounding ebola some families will not come forward when someone is sick for fear of being ostracised .
this is also reflected in the fact that many of the local staff that i work with chose not to tell their families where they are working .
we seem to be getting lots of discharges , which is fantastic .
it’s great to see survivors and we place a great emphasis on this .
when they are able to clear ebola and are strong enough for discharge , the patients will go to the “happy shower” to have their last chlorine wash , and leave all their personal belongings for incineration and collect new clothes .
they are then able to leave the red zone for the outside world , where they are greeted by the local staff singing and dancing in celebration .
they are given a discharge pack that includes money and food .
one particularly nice discharge was a brother and sister .
there were lots of smiles , and they were fortunate to have a mother and father to take them home , which is not often the case .
i see the discharge process as a very important part of letting the survivor know how special they are , and it helps in building community confidence .
not only that , but it does wonders for staff morale , as some of the things we see inside the gates are very unpleasant .
it helps us remember the good work we are doing and the reason we are all here .
search results for : www ebola emedtv conm no matches .
please try again , or use the navigation menus to find what you search for .
african cup to go ahead despite morocco 's ebola fears text by france 24 follow france24_en on twitter latest update : 2014-10-12 organisers of next year 's african nations cup have no intention of postponing the event even though hosts morocco called for a delay of the finals because of fears over the ebola virus .
however , the confederation of african football ( caf ) said in a statement on saturday it would meet the moroccan government next month , sending a high-powered delegation to discuss the issue in rabat led by its president issa hayatou .
the host nation 's government made a shock announcement on friday , saying it wanted the 16-team tournament from jan. 17-feb. 8 postponed following a report by its health ministry into the possible spread of the virus .
it should be noted that since the first edition in 1957 no african cup of nations has ever been postponed or deferred .
more than 4,000 people have died in the ebola epidemic that broke out in west africa at the start of the year , according to the latest figures released by the world health organization .
ebola has already made an impact on qualifying for morocco 2015 .
caf has moved qualifying matches from those concerned countries to neutral venues as many african governments have sought a shield against worst-hit states sierra leone , guinea and liberia .
athletes from ebola-hit countries were barred from competing in some sports in the youth olympics in china in august .
china 's aid to support war against ebola arrives in ghana editor : chen yue 丨xinhua accra , oct. 30 ( xinhua ) -- chinese medical supplies and equipment to aid ghana 's fight against the outbreak of the deadly ebola viral disease arrived at the kotoka international airport in accra late wednesday night .
the materials include protective clothing , protective goggles , sprayers , gauze mask , body thermometer and temperature monitors .
crew members and ghanaian workers unload anti-ebola materials , including personal protection equipment ( ppes ) , sprayers , body temperature detectors and body bags , aided by the chinese government at kotoka international airport of accra , the capital of ghana , in the midnight of oct. 29 , 2014 .
the materials are expected to reach the capitals of the countries before the end of october .
ghana is yet to record a single case of the virus as over 100 cases have tested negative at the foremost noguchi memorial institute for medical research at the university of ghana , legon .
according to the world health organization , ebola has killed more than 4,900 people globally .
the who said the spread of the lethal virus remains `` persistent and widespread '' in west africa , adding that transmission remains `` intense '' in the capital cities and cases continue to be under- reported .
a formal handing-over ceremony will be held this week .
related articles please scan the qr code to follow us on instagram please scan the qr code to follow us on wechat we recommend along the frontier part 37- deqin ( 2 ) my solo tour de france part 1 china’s historic towns part 33- china’s historic towns part 33 secrets under the stones part 1 along the frontier part 36- deqin china’s historic towns- china’s historic towns part 32 karen mok : a multi-talented superstar the new tool : tattoo culture in china fuding , fujian province
can you handle the truth ?
wed , 25 feb 2015 23:22:58 +0000 hourly
interesting facts about the ebola virus outbreak home / health & beauty / health and dental care / interesting facts about the ebola virus outbreak translate categories : health and dental care ebola has been in the news lately , because this disease has spread through the african continent into the western areas such as sierra leone , guinea , and liberia .
ebola , like many other diseases , is spread by direct contact with bodily fluids , such as urine , vomit , sweat , saliva , feces , blood , etc .
it is classified as a viral hemorrhagic fever , which means that virtually uncontrolled bleeding occurs .
that bleeding is called dic , or disseminated intravascular coagulation .
dengue , ebola , lassa , marburg , and yellow fever are all viral hemorrhagic fevers .
this disease , like many others , is also categorized as a zoonotic , which means that , to the best of our present knowledge , the disease is thought to have originated in animals , and then spread to humans .
exactly how it was spread is a matter of great discussion , but the present working theories are that it very well may have been through eating the flesh of an infected animal .
scientists do know that the ebola virus has been found in apes such as the chimpanzee , gorilla and monkeys .
another working theory on the spread of the disease from one species to another is that is it may have originated in fruit bats , and then spread to other animals such as pigs , by contact or ingestion of the animal or it’s feces/waste .
from a scientific medical perspective , the ebola virus is related to the marburg virus , which itself is a type of filovirus .
historically , the ebola virus has also been found in the philippines , and research upon it has been documented as early as 1976 .
as a disease , ebola is poorly understood by comparison to other diseases , though efforts to understand it have been ongoing since it was first discovered .
up-to-date latest ebola news updates daily blog sun , 07 dec 2014 09:38:40 +0000 en-us
main news inside israel israel holds drill to prepare against ebola epidemic netanyahu and other officials hold evaluation to prep against lethal virus ; ben gurion airport drill to be held on friday .
by hezki ezra , ari yashar first publish : 10/16/2014 , 8:32 pm health worker responds to ebola case in dallas , texas reuters prime minister binyamin netanyahu held an evaluation on thursday evening to check state agencies ' preparedness for the ebola epidemic currently spreading around the globe .
present at the consultation were health minister yael german ( yesh atid ) , health ministry director gen. prof. arnon afek , and ben gurion international airport director shmuel zakai .
in the meeting , a briefing was held on an exercise that will be held at the international airport on friday , simulating the arrival of a passenger infected with the ebola virus .
during the drill , initial questioning as well as evacuation and hospital treatment will be simulated .
netanyahu instructed preparations for ebola to be increased at all points of entry into israel , including through preventive measures such as taking the temperature of passengers arriving from west africa and other areas where there is concern over the spread of ebola .
part of the preparation for ebola has included coordination with the palestinian authority ( pa ) , including a joint meeting held saturday night .
the recent ebola epidemic centered in west africa has already infected around 9,000 people , and killed nearly 5,000 .
while the disease generally has a mortality rate of 50 % , the world health organization ( who ) on tuesday assessed that with unreported figures included the current rate is a whopping 70 % .
who also warned that by december , some 10,000 new people are liable to infected by the virus in west africa every single week , as the disease continues to spread .
the virus has spread globally as well , with two health workers in dallas , texas , contracting the disease after treating a liberian national who brought ebola to america .
on tuesday , a un worker infected with ebola died after travelling to liberia to treat the disease .
there have also been several cases of infected british nationals recorded in macedonia to the north of greece , and a spanish nurse who became the first to contract ebola outside of west africa last week .
meet the diplomat , olubukun koye who took ebola to port + he may face manslaughter charges for fleeing to port harcourt ! -vennchika on 31 aug , 2014 in uncategorized | | 1 comment by slicereports.com the man whose picture appeared below is identified as olubukun koye , the nigerian diplomat attached to the economic community of west african state ( ecowas ) who exported dreadful ebola virus to port harcourt , nigeria .
according to reports , koye was among the first people who had contact with the liberian man , patrick sawyer .
he was tested positive and kept under an isolation unit in lagos but he defied instructions and sneaked into port , lodged in a hotel from where he contacted late dr. iyke enemuo who came and treated him there .
shortly after , he came back to lagos and tested negative .
ironically , iyke enemuo fell ill and died .
his wife opened up and his corpse which was deposited in a mortuary tested positive .
the doctor’s wife who is affected with her 3 months old baby is being quarantined in lagos .
meanwhile , his issue constituted the main agenda for discussion on wednesday by the federal executive committee upon which the minister of justice and attorney general of the federation , mohammed adoki was directed to look into the nigerian laws to see how he could be sanctioned for his action .
he may be facing charges for manslaughter .
this has become necessary since the death of dr. enemuo ; and the number of persons under surveillance in port for ebola virus disease ( edv ) has increased from 100 to 160 .
should he be made to face the full wrath of law for his actions ?
100 % satisfaction guaranteed uh oh ... unknown 0 can’t display all the features of our site .
may we suggest an alternative browser ?
because you won’t want to miss out on all this goodness .
warning ebola tiles pre- order pre-order today !
your design will be made and shipped as soon as our manufacturers are ready to begin production .
size : small ( 4.25 '' x 4.25 '' ) u display your favourite photos , images and sayings on this vibrant ceramic tile .
use as a trivet or to decorate your home .
great for holiday , wedding and office gifts .
diameter : 4.25 inches add photos , artwork , and text no minimum order
home » 14083505 estimating the reproduction number of ebola 14083505 estimating the reproduction number of ebola health news & articles | healthy living - abc news , get the latest health news from dr. richard besser .
here you 'll find stories about new medical research , the latest health care trends and health issues that affect .
ebola virus disease west africa — 9 months , background .
on march 23 , 2014 , the world health organization ( who ) was notified of an outbreak of ebola virus disease ( evd ) in guinea .
on august 8 , the who declared .
assessing international spreading risk , abstract .
background : the 2014 west african ebola outbreak is so far the largest and deadliest recorded in history .
the affected countries , sierra leone , guinea .
who | department immunization , vaccines biologicals , based on promising data from initial clinical trials in late 2014 , who with the health ministry of guinea , médecins sans frontières ( msf ) , epicentre and the .
600 x 198 · 50 kb · png , fig .
1 : dynamics of 2014 ebov outbreaks in guinea , sierra leone and ... 600 x 199 · 35 kb · png , fig .
2 : effective reproduction number of ebov in guinea , sierra leone ... estimating future number cases ebola , appendix : additional results technical notes ebolaresponse modeling tool additional results .
numbers ebola virus disease cases ( referred .
basic reproduction number - wikipedia , free encyclopedia , in epidemiology , basic reproduction number ( called basic reproductive ratio , incorrectly basic reproductive rate , denoted 0 , nought ) .
the ominous math ebola epidemic - washington post , frieden warned thursday , concerted , bold action , ebola virus global calamity scale hiv .
uganda alert after ebola reports in drc publish date : jul 21 , 2014 health workers preparing to handle ebola patients at kagadi hospital tweet by raymond baguma ugandan health experts are monitoring neighbouring democratic republic of congo where suspected cases of ebola have been reported .
dr. asuman lukwago , the permanent secretary in the ministry of health said : “the suspected cases were in aruu and other parts of northeastern congo .
we learnt kinshasa was testing the samples.” although he could not provide how many suspected cases have been reported in dr congo , dr. lukwago said uganda has been on alert since the outbreak in west africa .
ebola is highly contagious , with a high fatality rate .
its symptoms are fever , bleeding through body openings , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , headache , skin rash and red eyes .
at the moment , there is no known cure for ebola .
the disease can be spread through direct physical contact with body fluids like saliva , blood , stool , vomit , urine and sweat from an infected person as well as linen used by a patient .
it can also be spread through skin piercing instruments used by an infected person .
a person can also get it by getting in touch with a dead body of a person who has died of the disease .
on thursday , world health organisation reported that the death toll from in west africa had risen to 603 in liberia , sierra leone and guinea .
the first case was reported in liberia in february .
ebola response anthropology platform field notes mobilising youth for ebola education : sierra leone and liberia this brief summarises some key considerations about mobilising youth and youth groups in the ebola response in sierra leone and liberia .
the details have been collated from suggestions and insights provided by networks of anthropologists in the uk and us who work in sierra leone and liberia ( both in-­‐country and remotely ) .
these are general considerations that are broadly relevant to mobilising youth in the response , but further investigation into local specificities is required .
if this is ok , click post : or you may make changes below and preview again , or cancel this comment .
post comment you must enter a subject for your comment .
has ebola been recently cured ?
there is no known cure of treatment for ebola .
kathrine repka 0 login or sign up to answer this question .
related ebola questions it seems like hardly anyone gets enough sleep these days .
find out how to beat insomnia !
related ebola quizzes no matter how hard you try to avoid them , germs are everywhere .
they 're in the air we breathe , the food we eat , and the stuff we touch !
chacha apps terms of use © copyright 2006- chacha search , inc. – experimental use , all rights reserved , may be covered by us or foreign patents or patents pending .
sign in to your chacha account email : forgot password ?
sign up for a chacha account sign up for chacha and you 'll be able to easily get answers from thousands of chacha guides on the web and on your mobile phone , see your answer history , and stay up to date with the latest updates from chacha .
watch : rand paul does n't quite know how to feel about ebola quarantines november 2 , 2014 , 12:09 pm est 1534 views sen. rand paul ( r-ky ) seems to be dealing with an internal battle over how to approach quarantines in the u.s. for people who may have been exposed to ebola .
paul said that he supports some restrictions on those who have been near patients with the virus , but he thinks that government should approach it reasonably .
state of health blog from kqed news health is about much more than medicine .
we show you what 's new to help you attain and maintain a healthy life related topics from rural california to urban neighborhoods , where you live affects your health related topics information and new research about advances in discovering and treating diseases and conditions .
related topics actions by people in power – lawmakers , regulators and the like – can make a difference to your health , for better or for worse .
we keep you informed related topics the affordable care act takes full effect on january 1 , 2014 .
related topics october 22 , 2014 | 10:45 am | by state of health ebola is not that contagious , and 10 other quick facts permalink two nurses at texas health presbyterian hospital in dallas contracted ebola from a patient they were treating , but 44 of 48 others who came in contact with the patient , including his fiancee , have completed their quarantine period and are cleared of the disease .
the remaining four should complete their quarantine soon .
a recent poll by the harvard school of public health , for instance , found that 38 percent of americans are worried that ebola will infect them or a family member in the next year , despite assurances that the u.s. will stop ebola in its tracks .
we’ve put together a primer on what you need to know .
we’ll update it as new information develops .
each person who contracts the virus spreads it , on average , to one or two other people .
it’s not as contagious as hiv , sars or measles .
ebola is not airborne… ebola is transmitted through bodily fluids , such as blood , sweat , saliva , breast milk , feces , urine and semen .
however , infectious disease specialists say ebola is not an airborne disease , like the flu .
3. … but it can be dangerous while ebola’s not the deadliest contagious disease ( defined as the mortality rate for people who are diagnosed ) , outbreaks can have fatality rates up to 90 percent , according to the world health organization .
the fatality rate for the current outbreak in west africa is estimated to be about 70 percent .
health officials oppose a travel ban a travel ban , health specialists say , would be difficult to impose and would cut off help to those countries in west africa hit the hardest by the disease .
dr. thomas frieden , director of the centers for disease control and prevention , said a ban would make it harder to track the travel itineraries of infected people .
on tuesday , department of homeland security secretary jeh johnson said travelers arriving from sierra leone , guinea and liberia must fly into one of five u.s. airports equipped for passenger screenings ( see fact 6 ) .
we can help stop ebola by asking people how they feel… the cdc’s epidemic intelligence service tracked down possible cases of ebola by asking people who came in contact with thomas eric duncan how they felt and if they had a fever .
the first symptoms of ebola are a fever , fatigue , muscle pain , headache and sore throat , according to the world health organization .
6. … or taking their temperature passengers flying from west africa to washington dulles international , atlanta’s hartsfield-jackson , newark liberty international , chicago’s o’hare and new york’s john f. kennedy international airport have their temperatures taken as part of ebola screening .
the no-touch thermometers used in airport screenings aren’t perfect , but they’re one step in identifying patients who may need further testing .
the sick need to stay home for people who have been in contact with someone who tested positive for ebola , a 21-day quarantine ( the virus’ incubation period ranges from 2 to 21 days ) can help stop the spread of infection .
nearly all of the people quarantined in dallas because they had contact with thomas eric duncan have passed the 21-day mark .
and their pets need to be considered spanish health authorities euthanized the dog of a nurse who was diagnosed with ebola .
we know the virus can live inside dogs because they produce antibodies against ebola .
but we don’t know if dogs can transmit the virus to humans .
the u.s. has specialized facilities for patients the emory university hospital has treated and successfully released three patients with ebola , and the nebraska medical center has treated and released two .
these hospitals use biocontainment units to protect hospital staff and other patients .
nina pham , a nurse who treated thomas eric duncan , was flown from dallas to the national institutes of health clinical center in bethesda , md .
there are experimental drugs , but they need more testing experimental drugs for ebola are being developed , including zmapp , which is produced in genetically modified tobacco plants .
the drug was used to treat kent brantly and nancy writebol earlier this year before the limited supply ran out .
glaxosmithkline , johnson & johnson and newlink genetics are working on experimental ebola vaccines .
if you’re healthy , you can still take that safari the ebola outbreak remains in west africa , and countries other than those bordering guinea , liberia or sierra leone aren’t considered to be at risk .
the cdc does not recommend that travelers avoid visiting other african countries .
who : ebola screenings will have 'limited effect ' by sarah ferris - 10/23/14 12:41 pm edt the entry screenings for ebola imposed in the united states are not a cost-effective way to keep out the virus , leaders of the world health organization ( who ) warned thursday .
entry screenings require big commitments of resources but are likely to have “a limited effect” in containing the disease , said the organization’s assistant director-general for health and security , dr. keiji fukuda .
advertisement “you need a lot of resources to do it well , ” fukada told reporters during a briefing thursday .
how are you going to treat them ? ” he said screenings are more likely to have a `` psychological impact '' by discouraging travel from west africa .
the remarks followed a three-hour meeting of the ebola emergency committee , led by who director-general dr. margaret chan .
it marks the third time the committee has met since august .
the who argued that airport exit screenings in west african countries are more likely to prevent the spread of ebola .
at least 77 people have been stopped from boarding planes because of potential ebola exposure , the white house said earlier this month .
still , the who acknowledged that the system remains imperfect and that it can not stop every traveler who has been exposed to ebola .
airport screenings , in general , have worked better than the who had hoped , fukada said , with just a pair of travelers spreading the disease outside of west africa .
he said who officials have been surprised that more ebola-infected travelers have not tried to enter other countries .
the u.s. announced this week that every traveler from the three ebola-stricken countries would have to enter the country through one of five airports .
those travelers will then have to report their temperatures to the centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) every day throughout the three-week incubation period .
the liberian man who unknowingly carried ebola into the u.s. last month led to the infection of two other americans , who helped treat him before he died .
those three cases have stirred public fear in the u.s. and prompted calls to close the country 's borders to west african travelers .
who officials amplified their opposition to blanket travel bans from ebola-affected areas , where 4,900 people have died from the disease .
the epidemic is not likely to slow until december at the earliest , as the number of cases continues to grow exponentially in the three worst-hit countries , the who predicts .
we still see the numbers going up , ” fukada said .
tue , 14 oct 2014 22:07:12 +0000 http : //news.firedoglake.com/ ? p=68073 # comment-291196 in the media , if it bleeds it leads .
if it hemorrhages , it 's a golden opportunity to attract eyeballs .
and eyeballs for media are money .
meanwhile , in politics both left and right the sang-froid of an apparently apocalyptic disease in enticing and fixating .
judgement will finally come to the bad people or to the empire -- take your pick of targets .
and it 's great time to further delegitimize the expertise of people who know about the disease by interviewing people who have not dealt with the disease .
it 's great opportunity for subsidizing epidemiologists , pharmaceutical companies , the security industry and the military and so extreme , expensive , and short-term solutions are proposed .
and the world health organization is hyping it because of the money pledged by nations for its efforts , only 25 % has actually shown up .
look at what the situation is .
there are maybe 10,000 cases by the end of this week , all but less than 100 in guinea , sierra leone , and liberia .
nigeria , a huge african nation has taken steps that for now seem to have contained the spread of the disease .
that means that most nations with a public health system at least as good as nigeria 's should be able to contain the disease spreading from the three countries of the epidemic .
anyone who is talking about failed states is trying to scare the leaders of other countries out of their complacency .
increasingly the persistence of diseases are a matter of international governmental policy instead of the unpredictability of nature or a local social failure .
this outbreaks exists and has been allowed to grow to the crisis point because of international financial policy .
those policies have operated through food insecurity and the failure to extend public health infrastructure to create this epidemic .
according to reports , eating `` bushmeat '' that included fruit bats or monkeys likely was responsible for the first case of this outbreak .
usians are getting ready for `` bushmeat '' season in most states of the union .
in this case , the hope is to get venison .
but in the us in hard times , people have cooked squirrels , opossums , and other animals , some of them subject to disease .
when hunger strikes , one takes one 's chances .
but in the us , you are more likely to become ill from that exotic american delicacy , the fast food hamburger .
aids seems to have been first transmitted from animals to humans the same way .
the logical way to remove the threat of ebola epidemics is to have sufficient food security of safe meat sources that hunting game known to be subject to disease is no longer a necessity .
no one is talking about dealing with the global recession as a way to reduce infectious diseases .
because nutrition is seen as an individual responsibility .
likewise , no one is talking about a global public health infrastructure because at least in the us health care is seen as an individual responsibility .
democracy now interviewed paul farmer , who has worked on public health issues in many of the poorest countries in the world .
he said that what was striking about the statistics from the hot spot countries was the fact that mortality from the ebola virus and the spread of the virus was reduced by by the presence on basic nursing care .
isolation of patients and enough staffing to quickly identify and treat changes in patient condition and to treat nursing staff early could slow the progress of this epidemic and eventually stop it .
from an emergency management perspective , that means that those three countries need around 10,000 isolation facilities , staff to provide basic nursing services , equipment to conduct some specific types of testing , and supplies .
that is not a large disaster recovery requirement .
in fact , many of the militaries in the world that do disaster recovery probably have the capabilities to set up 10,000 tents quickly , provide basic nursing care , and handle the decontamination and disposal issues effectively .
it is the mythology about the ebola virus , budget constraints , and the logistics problems of transporting this aid that have stood in the way of politicians giving a go ahead .
for the long term , providing a health care infrastructure in guinea , sierra leone , and liberia involves providing facilities and services to a population the size of florida .
but the cost of doing that is nowhere near the cost of florida 's expensive health care system .
we know that us health care costs twice the best-of-class health care in the world .
and the infrastructure to provide to prevent ebola outbreaks need not be as elaborate as say that of france or canada .
while the cdc rethinks its strategy in light of the apparent breach of personal protective equipment , they might audit the standards of the equipment that was being provided in texas .
it might be cost-cutting of a sort that provided equipment good enough for most uses in the us but subject to a breach in the case of ebola that was responsible for the health care worker getting the disease .
or it might be one of those low probability oopses that ca n't be guarded against ever .
but from field workers in the hot spots , we now know that multiple layers of black plastic garbage bags are effective in reducing the risk of contamination .
last of all , is n't it past time for a lot of politicians to put a cork in it .
by : stewartm tue , 14 oct 2014 18:56:29 +0000 http : //news.firedoglake.com/ ? p=68073 # comment-291170 < em > '' ... $ 500,000,000,000 in oil revenue ... '' < /em > i live in houston , heart of the world oilfield service industry .
we have lots of workers that travel back and forth to nigeria and other west african oil producing countries and just as many that go to live in these countries for extended periods .
i would love to know how halliburton , schlumberger and baker hughes are dealing with this .
i also suspect they have had extensive discussions on this at the highest levels of government .
i 'd love to be a fly on that wall .
by : bsbafflesbrains tue , 14 oct 2014 18:40:22 +0000 http : //news.firedoglake.com/ ? p=68073 # comment-291167 some folks who protest big government are listening to the so called 'fiscal conservative ' propagandists .
mostly what those propagandists mean in their spiel is severe limits for human services , social safety nets , even foreign aid , but a huge budget for corporate welfare , though only the micc is paraded for public view .
the misled people on the ground might think that the us is the number one world donor of foreign aid or that welfare for the ( undeserving ) poor is a huge budget item .
of the developed nations the us ranks last in foreign aid , and welfare for low income people is almost non-existant .
so ask the question about which small government one favors , small for corporate welfare , or small for human ( social ) welfare .
personally i am for government devoid of corporate welfare but robust for human welfare .
in fact i would abolish capitalism altogether .
ebola infectious disease admin infectious disease : tough choices reduce ebola , hospitals and funerals .
the initial symptoms of ebola ( which may include fever , diarrhoea and vomiting ) mimic those of many common diseases , including malaria .
columbia prediction infectious diseases – ebola , the magnitude and pace of the current ebola outbreak is unprecedented and requires tools to assess the future scope of the epidemic , as well as the efficacy of .
infectious disease articles : england journal , the infectious disease hub contains articles on hiv , aids , tuberculosis , vaccines , and global health.. 800 x 600 · 207 kb · jpeg , surgical gowning and gloving
unlike up to 30 countries are vulnerable to an ebola-style epidemic , unless the world sits up and helps get urgent investment into universal healthcare , a report ( pdf ) has found .
improving the health systems in the three ebola-hit african nations would have helped to prevent the epidemic and cost a third of the relief effort , says save the children in a new investigation of the epidemic that has claimed more than 9,500 lives .
it found that £2.8bn had been spent on aid , compared with the £1bn it would have cost to improve basic healthcare in sierra leone , liberia and guinea .
it warned that ebola was among the “high-profile threats that alarm the world” , not least because of the panic the virus sowed around the globe , but that countries , some poorer than the western african nations , suffer “a daily burden of death and disease” caused by lack of basic health facilities .
be the first to like .
lawmaker pays ebola orphans fees in lofa obediah johnson education 18 march 2015 over 100 ebola orphans have commenced academic learning activities at various schools in lofa county , following the payment of their registration and tuition fees by representative mariamu b. fofana .
lawmaker fofana is representing the people of district # 2 in lofa county on the ticket of the governing unity party ( up ) .
according to the world health organization ( who ) , more than 3,500 persons have died from the ebola virus in liberia since the disease broke out in march of last year .
lofa county was considered as the epic center of the deadly disease during the outbreak .
speaking recently in an interview with this paper in monrovia , rep. fofana stated that the initiative is intended to help keep children who have been made orphans by ebola in school .
she noted that her office has been working over the period of time with a local non-governmental organization ( ngo ) named and styled concern care for women and children to identify the ebola orphans in the county .
she pointed out that her office has also provided the amount of us $ 1,500 to purchase learning materials including copy books , uniform and book bags for the ebola orphans .
the lofa county lawmaker said she took on the initiative because family members of most of the ebola orphans do not have the financial means to send them ( orphans ) to school this academic semester .
rep. fofana stated that the initiative to keep ebola orphans in school is her personal initiative .
our list of scholarship has grown now , because many parents do not have the necessary income to send their children to school due this ebola outbreak .
gradually , we can now say that everything is on course and the kids are now in school and we will continue to support them , ” the lofa county lawmaker added .
controversies in hospital infection prevention wherein we ponder vexing issues in infection prevention and control , inside and outside the hospital .
wednesday , october 15 , 2014 ebola : n=2 , now what ?
a lot of us woke up again to the horrible news that yet another health care worker in dallas has acquired ebola from the index patient during patient care .
there are a lot of accusations flying around most of which will prove misleading or unfounded and some others might be true .
my sense of the situation is that what we learned from the first transmission still applies .
we have further evidence that the standard way of wearing droplet/contact precautions during routine care of patients with pathogens like mrsa or acinetobacter is ineffective in protecting health care workers .
each hospital with an icu must develop infection prevention training teams that utilize existing ppe protocols or adapt them to their local ppe supplies ( e.g .
their unique gowns , masks or paprs ) .
these training teams must initially target experienced icu nurses and physicians and this training must occur before any patients with ebola can be cared for in their hospitals .
you ca n't just practice this once .
most of us who have tried donning and doffing have failed to do it correctly the first time .
we failed when there was no stress and no risk and will be much more likely to fail when focusing on the care of a sick patient .
once these trained cohorts of health care workers are established , they should be organized into buddy-teams .
for example , while one trained icu nurse provides care , another is watching his every move from donning of ppe , to caring for the patient , to doffing of ppe .
the buddy must be in ppe themselves .
the buddy 's job is to be the second `` infection control '' brain for the nurse focusing on the clinical care .
it is simply impossible to focus on critical care and ppe at the same time .
let 's implement a system for success .
a final note today : i want to acknowledge the many many infection preventionists , hospital epidemiologists , icu nurses , critical care physicians , emergency department staff , environmental services staff and the many unnamed others who are working tirelessly to prepare their hospitals .
most of their hard work will go unnoticed .
most of their hospitals will never care for a patient with ebola but they are the backbone of our health care system .
ebola virus german defense ministry goes back on ebola promise in september , the german defense minister promised soldiers and volunteers going to west africa they 'd be transported back to germany if they caught ebola .
now the ministry has had to reverse its statement .
an article circulating through the german media on wednesday unveiled an oversight in the country 's latest foreign mission , which could affect the safety of the personnel involved .
in an effort to combat the ebola epidemic currently ravaging west africa , berlin had pledged last month to deploy both civilian and military personnel , where they will first set up a mobile hospital in coordination with the german red cross and the federal agency for technical relief .
more than 2,000 people have volunteered to travel to the region .
however , the widely-read news magazine spiegel online has reported that a key promise made to ebola volunteers by the german defense minister ursula von der leyen could not be delivered , namely , that they would be transported back to germany if they became infected .
defense minister von der leyen wants to increase germany 's military role , but faces major shortfalls the information published by spiegel stemmed from a report submitted to the lower house of the german parliament - the bundestag - by von der leyen 's state secretary , markus grübel .
germany does not have `` its own aircraft resources with which ebola patients could be transported , '' grübel wrote in his report .
while germany does , in fact , have a medevac plane , it does not have the capability of quarantining an infected patient .
according to spiegel , reequipping the aircraft to meet this need could not be accomplished quickly .
the deadly virus has swept through liberia , sierra leone and guinea the hardest , infecting over 7,000 people since march .
of those people , an estimated 3,400 people have died .
poor healthcare infrastructure in those countries has contributed greatly to its deadly impact .
bundeswehr blunders the wednesday report follows a series of blunders that have cast a negative light on the defense ministry in recent weeks .
in late september , defense minister von der leyen admitted that germany could not currently fulfill its nato commitments in the event of an attack on a member of the alliance , pointing to delays in replacement parts and missing helicopters .
several german newspapers have published reports revealing massive gaps in the number of planes and helicopters which should be in service , but are , in fact , currently grounded .
earlier this week , outside experts also completed a three-month-long study of the bundeswehr , concluding that it lacked sufficient equipment and had wasted money on poorly managed projects .
nine major projects worth 57 billion euros ( $ 72 billion ) were running between two-and-a-half and 10 years behind , often resulting in cost overruns amounting to billions of euros .
since taking her post in late 2013 , von der leyen has used her role as defense minister to advocate a greater german military presence in international conflict zones .
the problems plaguing the country 's military have raised concern that her plans can not be realized .
kms/jr ( afp , dpa )
substandard equipment blamed for spanish nurse 's ebola infection ren benavidez | oct 07 , 2014 08:00 pm edt ( photo : reuters / reuters tv ) an ambulance carrying a spanish nurse infected with ebola arrives at the carlos iii hospital in madrid early october 7 , 2014 in this still image from video .
share on twitter madrid health professionals are pointing to the substandard equipment in the hospital and failure to stick to protocol as the main reason for the first ebola infection to be contracted outside of west africa .
on monday , health authorities revealed that a nurse working at the carlos iii hospital in madrid , where previous ebola patients were treated , has tested positive for the virus twice .
like us on facebook in an interview with el pais , a hospital staff said that the protective suits worn by the nurses while they were treating the ebola patient were not according to world health organization standards , which said suits must be impermeable .
in addition , the hospital staff said their suits did not have breathing equipment and noted that the hospital gloves were only secured by adhesive tapes , which may have made it permeable to the virus .
the spanish nurse was part of the team that treated the missionary manuel garcia viejo , who contracted the virus after travelling to sierra leone .
the 69-year-old viejo died on september 24 , four days after he was brought to carlos iii hospital .
the nurse was also one of those who looked after miguel pajares , a 75-year-old missionary who returned to the u.s. from liberia in august , and died after five days from admission to the hospital .
the nurse 's husband was also admitted to the hospital and sent to an isolation unit after his wife tested positive .
in addition , another nurse who was also part of the team that treated the ebola patient was also being tested for the virus .
according to a madrid regional spokesperson , the nurse called health authorities on monday after she had a fever .
she was put in isolation while the authorities waited for her laboratory test results .
reports said that the nurse was on vacation when she started exhibiting the symptoms of the disease .
0 istock foreign mining firms have locked down operations in guinea and pulled out some international staff , executives said on wednesday ( 2 april , 2014 ) , as the death toll from suspected cases of ebola there hit 83 .
five new suspected infections were reported in the last 24 hours , the un 's world health organisation ( who ) , bringing the total to 127 .
medical charity medecins sans frontieres ( msf ) has warned of an unprecedented epidemic that is testing weak health systems across west africa .
read : deadly ebola virus : 12 quick facts lethal infectious diseases suspected cases of one of the world 's most lethal infectious diseases have also been reported in neighbouring liberia and sierra leone .
the epicentre of guinea 's two-month old outbreak has been in the southeast , close to its main iron ore reserves .
the country is also the world 's top exporter of bauxite , the raw material used in aluminium production , and has rich deposits gold .
the executive said he had been placed on extended leave , while other companies were preventing people from entering or leaving their mines .
one person infected all firms were more concerned by what was happening in the densely populated capital conakry than in remote mining sites in the interior , where controls were easier to put in place , he added .
the who has reported 12 suspected cases and four deaths in the ocean-front city of 2 million people .
who spokesman gregory hartl said all the cases in conakry were linked to one man who came from the central guinean town of dobala , about 300 km away .
'clever ' japan firm donates high-tech masks for ebola fight 24 october 2014 , 09:04 ebola survivors ' serum testing to start tokyo - a little-known japanese company has donated 10,000 high-tech face masks to several ebola-hit african nations and says it is now getting calls from new york city , which confirmed its first case of the virus thursday .
clever , a maker of air filters , said it is sending thousands of the $ 75 masks for use by doctors and other health professionals in guinea , liberia and the democratic republic of the congo .
also read : new york doctor tests positive for ebola `` we 've also received calls from individuals in france , and since this morning we 're getting calls from new york , '' he added .
the move comes on the heels of an announcement earlier this week by japanese giant fujifilm that it would increase its supply of an experimental ebola drug to help stem the spread of the virus .
clever says its pittarich mask -- originally developed for the middle east respiratory syndrome coronavirus , known as the mers -- is coated in chemicals that kill 99 percent of viruses , including ebola , when they come into contact with the specialised device .
guinea wanted to use the more high-tech masks to prevent infections among its health staff , nakagawara said .
hard-hit sierra leone was not on the list of countries that clever is donating masks to because there is no japanese embassy in the small west african nation , he added .
ebola , which has killed nearly 4,900 people in west africa , is transmitted only through contact with an infected person 's blood or other bodily fluids .
time magazine names ebola fighters person of the year - atlanta news , weather , traffic , and sports | fox 5 member center : time magazine names ebola fighters person of the year posted : updated : according to a tweet from time magazine , ebola fighters are the 2014 person of the year .
time tweeted photos of several versions of the cover for this week 's edition that gave the health care workers and volunteers this year 's title .
one of the covers features dr. kent brantly .
according to the time website , ferguson protestors were the first runner up , and vladimir putin was the second runner up .
editor nancy gibb 's took to time 's website to explain why ebola fighters were the top pick .
she said they risked and persisted , sacrificed and saved .
protection from ebola : a complicated procedure by charity brown and patterson clark , published : oct. 12 , 2014 health-care workers must wear personal protective equipment when treating ebola patients .
the extensive and meticulous techniques vary slightly , depending on organization , location and availability of supplies , but must be carefully followed to avoid infection from the virus .
put on coverall or gown , tying at back of the neck and waist .
secure facemask or respirator and make sure it fits snuggly around nose bridge , face and below chin .
place face shield or goggles over face and/or eyes .
surgical cap ties at the back of the head .
boots or shoe covers are positioned and worn underneath the gown .
some workers wear two layers .
apron ties at the back and loops to the front .
first pair of gloves is worn under the cuffs of the coverall or gown .
second pair of gloves is worn over the top of the coverall or gown .
in some cases , gloves are taped shut by a buddy .
each person puts on their own gear , but each worker has a buddy .
the buddy spot-checks for tears in equipment or open areas of skin that could become contaminated .
when treating patients , workers should not touch their own faces , should limit the number of surfaces they touch , change their gloves if heavily contaminated and wash their gloved hands often .
depending on the organization or the availability of gloves , workers must either change the outer layer of gloves when moving from patient to patient or wash gloved hands with soap and water .
weather liberia hunts escaped ebola victims as who calls for controls health workers wearing protective clothing prepare themselves before carrying an abandoned dead body presenting ebola symptoms at duwala market in monrovia on august 17 , 2014 .
in the liberian capital monrovia , police awaited a consignment of protective equipment before redeploying to west point - a sprawling ocean-front shantytown - to reopen a quarantine centre attacked by a rock-throwing crowd on saturday , allowing patients , who had been isolated , to get away .
they got a supply of protective equipment yesterday and my expectation is that they will redeploy today .
officials and healthcare workers met community leaders in west point in an effort to reopen the converted school .
residents told reuters they were angry that president ellen johnson sirleaf 's government had brought people infected with the virus to their community .
many voiced fears that saturday 's looting would spread contamination through the neighbourhood of corrugated shacks separated by narrow , muddy alleys .
these people have put themselves at risk and the entire community at risk , '' said molly cooper , leader of a local women 's association .
residents also voiced anger that patients had been kept without sufficient food and water - chiming with concerns that measures in neighbouring sierra leone and liberia to quarantine affected communities could lead to a humanitarian crisis .
the world food program has said it would step up food shipments to some 1 million people at risk of hunger after roadblocks and quarantine measures were imposed in remote border area between guinea , sierra leone and liberia .
with international agencies scrambling to control the epidemic , medical charity medecins sans frontieres ( msf ) opened a 120-bed treatment site in the elwa hospital on the outskirts of monrovia - the biggest-ever such centre .
the hospital already has an 80-bed ebola facility and the aim was to reach a total of 300 beds , minister brown said .
a team of 11 ugandan healthcare workers have also opened a treatment centre in the jfk hospital in monrovia with 34 beds in a ward usually used for cholera treatment , the minister said .
signs of improvement the world health organization ( who ) told countries affected by the outbreak to screen people departing at international airports , seaports and major land border points and stop any with signs of the virus from travelling .
it dismissed the need for any further travel restrictions .
the four affected countries have already imposed health measures at international airports , checking passengers for fever .
but with long land borders , often covered in dense forest , there seemed scant chance of controlling all cross-border movement .
nigeria said on monday that the number of confirmed ebola cases there had reached 12 , up from 10 last week , but five of these had almost fully recovered .
four people have died from the virus in nigeria , where it was transferred by a u.s. citizen who arrived by plane from liberia .
the disease has taken a heavy toll on health workers in the region , with some 170 infected , of whom more than 80 have died .
three african healthcare workers who started treatment in monrovia with the rare experimental zmapp drug on thursday were showing signs of improvement , liberia 's brown said .
the who this month gave the green light to use untested pharmaceuticals to treat ebola patients .
however , the manufacturer of the drug , california-based mapp biopharmaceutical , has already said its scarce supplies have been exhausted .
officials have cautioned the public not to place too much hope in untested and scarce treatments .
in guinea , where the outbreak was first detected in march , the government said there were just 26 confirmed cases of ebola as of monday , all in the gueckedou border region .
aid workers said the main threat to guinea was infected people crossing over the border from sierra leone and liberia .
liberia 's deputy army chief of staff , col. eric w. dennis , during a visit to the border region at the weekend gave orders to soldiers to shoot at people attempting to cross into liberia , and pledged to supply more weapons to soldiers there .
several countries have refused to accept flights and boats from the three worst-affected countries .
however , ivory coast on monday lifted a ban on vessels that had visited the affected area from docking at its ports , according to a statement from the port of abidjan .
a shipping agent said the decision was aimed mostly at nigeria , which transports large quantities of crude oil to ivory coast to be refined .
ebola facts get the facts on ebola from the cdc .
— replay all content © copyright 2000 – 2015 lin television corporation .
www.texomashomepage.com/ story/ d/ story/ ebola-patient-in-critical-condition/ 41197/ lb5vgnsruem9ipztwm_ciw - proxy - highlight american healthcare worker being treated for ebola at national institutes of health now in critical condition .
news.yahoo.com/ guinea-ebola-cases-rise-three-doctors-infected-143754262.html - proxy - highlight by saliou samb and emma farge conakry/dakar ( reuters ) - guinea has suffered a setback in its fight against ebola with a rash of new cases , including three doctors infected by the virus , with officials blaming weak surveillance and a failure to follow safety procedures .
the outbreak , which began in ... news.yahoo.com/ u-ebola-patient-now-critical-conditio-nih-092111113.html - proxy - highlight an american being treated for ebola was in critical condition monday , the u.s. national institutes of health in maryland said .
the healthcare worker was evacuated from west africa and arrived at the nih clinical center on friday .
the clinician , who has not been identified , was working with partners ... news.yahoo.com/ another-four-u-ebola-aid-workers-flown-back-204250158.html - proxy - highlight another four u.s. healthcare workers were flown back to the united states for monitoring for possible exposure to the ebola virus , u.s. centers for disease control and prevention said on tuesday .
the return of the four u.s. healthcare workers brings to 16 the number of americans who have returned to ... www.voanews.com/ content/ un-says-ebola-not-over-until-cases-reach-zero/ 2683562.html - proxy - highlight the united nations children’s fund warns the ebola epidemic will continue to devastate the lives of children and their communities in liberia , sierra leone and guinea as long as one case of this deadly disease remains .
unicef is urging swift , effective action to bring the number of ebola cases ...
none is known to be infected with the disease , centers for disease control and prevention spokesman tom skinner ... finance.yahoo.com/ news/ emergent-biosolutions-inks-deals-ebola-144002367.html - proxy - highlight emergent biosolutions inc. announced that it has entered into agreements for its modified vaccinia ankara ebola zaire vaccine candidate .
bloomberg business mali reports suspected ebola death , more cases monitored do n't miss out — november 13 , 2014 source : who ( updated nov. 12 , 2014 ) nov. 14 ( bloomberg ) -- mali reported the death of a girl suspected of having ebola , as the nation races to contain the virus that has ravaged three of its west african neighbors .
results from tests to confirm whether the girl had the virus will be known today , alassane souleymane , a spokesman for mali’s communication ministry , said by e-mail today .
five people have been confirmed as having ebola and a sixth case is suspected , hubert balique , a french public-health expert consulting with the french embassy in mali , told reporters yesterday .
it’s unclear whether the girl whose death was reported today was one of those cases .
officials have identified more than 200 people who had contact with those individuals , and new cases will probably be confirmed in coming days , he said .
in sierra leone , a u.s. surgeon infected with ebola is being evaluated to determine whether he’s stable enough to be transported to the nebraska medical center for treatment .
the patient’s condition will be assessed by a medical crew upon their arrival in the west african country , according to an e-mail from taylor wilson , a spokesman for nebraska medicine .
if fit for transport , he will arrive in the city of omaha in tomorrow afternoon .
worst outbreak a 25-year-old nurse died from ebola on nov. 11 at a clinic in mali , the world health organization and mali health authorities said on nov. 12 .
he had treated a 70-year-old grand imam from guinea , who was hospitalized for kidney failure and wasn’t tested for ebola .
a worker at the same clinic is in isolation as officials race to prevent the virus from spreading further .
ebola has killed more than 5,000 people in guinea , liberia and sierra leone since december , making it the deadliest-ever outbreak of the virus .
ebola was first identified in 1976 in what is now the democratic republic of congo .
the pasteur clinic in bamako , where the clinic staff member and the nurse worked , has been quarantined , france’s embassy said in a text message to its registered nationals in the country yesterday .
the message asked anyone who had treatment at the clinic to call a designated phone line .
mali is getting help from the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention to trace people who have had contact with ebola-infected individuals , balique said .
senegal and nigeria have been declared free of the disease .
mali last month became the sixth country in west africa to confirm a case of ebola , when a woman brought her infected 2-year-old granddaughter from guinea .
the girl died on oct. 24 .
mali’s president ibrahim boubacar keita asked prime minister moussa mara to take steps to prevent the further spread of the virus , the nation’s council of ministers said in an e-mailed statement .
toronto sun british stars gather to record band aid single for ebola boy band one direction and u2 lead singer bono joined some of the biggest names in british pop and rock music on saturday to record a new version of the band aid charity song to raise money to combat ebola in africa .
family of dallas ebola victim reaches settlement with hospital the family of thomas eric duncan , the first person to die of ebola in the united states , said on wednesday it had reached a settlement with the hospital that had treated him and admitted to making mistakes in addressing his care .
u.s doctor with ebola improves , nurse 's quarantined dog released the only person in the united states currently being treated for ebola was upgraded to stable condition on saturday and a dallas nurse who recovered from the disease was reunited with her dog which had been kept in quarantine as a precaution .
u.s. nurse defies maine 's ebola quarantine , takes bike ride a nurse who treated ebola patients in sierra leone but has tested negative for the virus ventured out of her home in maine and took a bike ride on thursday , defying a quarantine order and setting up a legal collision with state authorities .
u.s. isolates troops , australia imposes visa ban on ebola-hit countries the u.s. military has started isolating soldiers returning from an ebola response mission in west africa and australia became the first rich nation to impose a visa ban on the affected countries amid global anxiety about the spread of the virus .
ebola medical workers should not be quarantined : cdc the governors of new york and new jersey on sunday stuck to new plans to quarantine health workers returning to their hometowns from countries with ebola epidemics , despite pressure from the white house , but emphasized that people could stay at home while in isolation .
some states to quarantine health workers returning from ebola zones a doctor who worked in west africa with ebola patients was in an isolation unit in new york on friday after testing positive for the deadly virus , becoming the fourth person diagnosed with the disease in the united states and the first in its largest city .
what is the scientific name for ebola virus ?
what is the scientific name for ebola virus ?
5 people found this useful edit answer rick cosnett q & a actor : stars in cw 's `` the flash '' you 've appeared on `` the vampire diaries '' as dr. wes maxfield .
how much love do you get from the show 's diehard fans ?
what place did the ebola virus get it 's name ?
from the wikipedia article : `` the virus is named after the ebola river valley in the democratic republic of the congo ( formerly zaire ) , which is near the site of the first reco…gnized outbreak in 1976 at a mission hospital run by flemish nuns .
improved answer from what place did the ebola virus get its name ?
the ebola virus got it 's name from the ebola river in africa , that  runs through zaire and the congo .
the ebola river was formerly the  zaire river .
  the first outbreak… to be properly recognized was in 1976 at a  mission hospital located near the river .
   the full name of ebola is ebola hemorrhagic fever ( ehf ) ( more ) + 39 others found this useful answered what is the ebola virus ?
ebola is the  term for the viral genus ebolavirus ( ebov ) , or for the disease  ebola hemorrhagic fever ( ehf ) .
   it is named  after the ebola river , where the first re…cognized outbreak  occurred .
there are a number of species within the ebolavirus  genus , which in turn have a number of specific strains or  serotypes .
the zaire virus is the type species , which is also the  first discovered and the most lethal .
    electron  micrographs show long filaments , characteristic of the filoviridae  viral family .
the virus interferes with the endothelial cells  lining the interior surface of blood vessels and platelet cells .
as  the blood vessel walls become damaged and the platelets are unable  to coagulate , patients succumb to hypovolemic shock .
   ebola is  transmitted primarily through bodily fluids and to a limited extent  through skin and mucous membrane contact .
  depending on the strain of ebola virus the death rate is as high as  9 out of every 10 infections ; however the virus is self is fragile  and can not live for long outside of a host and transmitted once the  patient shows signs of infection ( 10 - 14 days after initial  infection ) .
    as it is a virus , antibiotics do not work , nor is there an  immunization that can be taken to prevent infection .
at present  there is no known cure ; all medical staff can do is to try and make  patients as comfortable as possible and prevent others from being  infected , and let nature take its course .
    outbreaks of the disease occur sporadically from time to time and  tend to be isolated ; as the disease is african in origin and the  suspected vectors african , most reported cases and deaths take  place in africa .
   ebola first emerged in 1976 in zaire .
it remained largely obscure  until 1989 with a widely publicized outbreak in reston , virginia  ( on which the book , the hot zone was based ) .
    see links below for more information :  ( more ) 71 people found this useful ebola transmission and screening the number of new cases of ebola in west africa is doubling every 20 days .
an estimated 20,000 cases will be diagnosed by december .
understanding transmission of this deadly… virus and instituting adequate screening protocols can accelerate containment and control of this unprecedented outbreak.as a member of the leadership council of the harvard school of public health , these are some of the things i learned about the current ebola outbreak at its annual meeting held in boston last week.unlike all prior ebola outbreaks , this one is out of control .
the strain that gave rise to this unprecedented ebola outbreak began in december 2013 and had never been seen before .
the current strain has given rise to at least four new , separate strains .
these new ebola strains are mutating at an unprecedented rate : hundreds of mutations have been identified thus far .
unfortunately , scientists at harvard university who have been studying the new genetic patterns and mutations of the current strains of ebola have not been able to obtain any specimens of ebola from africa since june 2014 due to political constraints that have halted their research .
hopefully , these problems will be solved shortly so that the scientists can catch up and begin to understand the nature of the outbreak as it exists today .
the overall mortality rate for this outbreak is 74 % .
in patients over the age of 50 , the mortality is 100 % .the ebola virus is transmitted via direct contact with the infected fluids of patients who carry the virus .
blood , urine , vomit , sweat , saliva , and semen all contain ebola virus .
the sicker the patient , the more viral particles are present in their body fluids .
ebola can be transmitted to healthy individuals via contact with objects , called fomites , that carry the virus .
sleeping mats have been the most common fomites associated with ebola transmission from infected patients to healthy individuals .
importantly , ebola can be transmitted via aerosol spread , such as occurs when an infected patient coughs on a healthy individual.aerosol transmission occurs when an infected patient coughs on a healthy individual .
airborne transmission occurs when an infected patient coughs and dust particles in the air trap the virus - which can then linger as a viable infectious agent for a prolonged period of time - and is then transmitted to a healthy individual who passes by and simply breathes in the dust particle that carries the virus .
at the present time , ebola is not transmitted via an airborne mechanism .
and while it is unlikely that this will happen , the virus is mutating so rapidly , and mixing with ever enlarging numbers of people , that the likelihood that it could increase its rate of infectivity has many scientists concerned.the fastest and most effective way to screen anyone for the presence of ebola is to do a simple blood test using a rapid sequencing device that can quickly identify the presence of the virus .
lumina is a company that makes such a device .
it has been used in africa successfully for this purpose .
scientists believe that deploying a rapid sequencing device such as lumina at airports and hospitals would allow infected patients to be quickly identified and treated , and would allow healthy individuals to be unencumbered in their travels , etc .
the lumina rapid sequencing device costs $ 99,000 and can be delivered in 2-7 days .
a rapid screening test that can quickly distinguish those who are infected with the ebola virus from those who are not would go a long way toward reassuring the public , and would allow air travel to remain open and safe for everyone .
it would also permit hospitals to quickly identify ebola patients and move them quickly to designated ebola treatment centers for observation and treatment .
a severe and horrific illness , ebola has an average …50 % fatality rate , but this number changes with specific outbreaks , going as low as 25 % to as high as 90 % .
ebola outbreaks have occurred sporadically in african villages from time to time since the first known outbreak in 1976 , but until recently there has never been a large outbreak affecting so many people , especially in urban areas .
with ebola now on the move , people in other parts of the world wonder if it 's possible they might get it .
at this point it is very unlikely , but following is some information about the disease along with the symptoms .
prevention is always the most important aspect of health care , and so following symptoms is a word on prevention.as implied by the name , ebola is a virus .
that means antibiotics do not work against it ; they work only against bacteria .
viral infections run a certain course .
there are certainly steps you can take to lessen the severity and to increase your chances of survival , but many types of viral infection will last a set amount of time .
ebola is one of them .
with any infection , some time will lapse between the time of infection and the time symptoms begin to appear .
this is called an incubation period .
depending upon the specific infection you may be contagious or not during this incubation period .
with ebola the range is quite large , from two to 21 days between infection and onset of symptoms .
the average incubation period for ebola is eight to 10 days .
ebola is not transmittable before symptoms begin to appear but is transmittable at that point .
symptoms of ebola come on quite suddenly .
the first symptoms include a high fever , muscle pain , sore throat and fatigue .
the next symptoms to appear are vomiting , diarrhea , stomach pain and rash .
kidney and liver functions become impaired .
unexplained hemorrhaging or bruising may occur .
as the illness progresses , the patient may experience both internal and external bleeding.while admittedly frightening because of its severity and high fatality rate , ebola is not an especially contagious illness .
you must come in direct contact with an infected individual 's body or bodily fluids in order to contract the illness .
the easiest way to prevent the disease is to not come into physical contact with anyone who has it .
those who care for patients , especially family members , are most likely to acquire the virus .
certain common african rituals after death , such as touching the body , also make some people more likely to acquire the virus .
keeping proper hygiene and avoiding contact with any item that has touched an individual with the illness will help prevent it .
ebola is a violent but not easily transmitted disease .
unless you are in an area with a high infection rate , your risk of acquiring the disease is extremely low .
if you are in an area with a high infection rate , then the cdc recommends the following steps : - practice careful hygiene .
avoid contact with blood and body fluids.- do not handle items that may have come in contact with an infected person 's blood or body fluids.- avoid funeral or burial rituals that require handling the body of someone who has died from ebola.- avoid contact with bats and nonhuman primates or blood , fluids , and raw meat prepared from these animals.- avoid hospitals where ebola patients are being treated .
the u.s. embassy or consulate is often able to provide advice on facilities.- after you return , monitor your health for 21 days and seek medical care immediately if you develop symptoms .
as with all events of mass panic , there are some pretty ridiculous claims and theories concerning ebola .
this article exposes nine of those downright ridiculous hoaxes , stories and conspiracy theories.some people believe that doctors who are trying to help people are actually spreading ebola on purpose .
some villages have attacked doctors and medical teams who try to help people .
these people claim the doctors are deliberately infecting people , although there is no reason for them to do so.there is some justification to this claim however , as many hospitals in the regions are very unclean .
many people who go into hospital end up infected by bacteria or a virus they picked up from the hospital stay .
however the claim that doctors are infecting patients with ebola on purpose is a ridiculous one.cyril broderick , a delaware university professor , sent a letter to liberia 's biggest newspaper which accused the us of manufacturing ebola .
according to his claim , ebola is a genetically modified organism produced by america and weaponised , which is being tested on africa .
he also claims that canada , the uk and france were also involved .
the professor has absolutely no expertise , qualifications or experience in the topic at all.some groups in nigeria are claiming that drinking saltwater will cure the person of ebola.wrong ! saltwater will dehydrate the ebola victim , increasing their chances of dying from it .
some people who were n't even affected by ebola began drinking nothing but saltwater , in a bid to try and make themselves immune and have died of dehydration as a result of this ridiculous claim.witchcraft is still one of the major fears that people have in the african continent .
people who believe in witchcraft claim that ebola is a direct result of witchcraft , a supernatural death sentence.because of the belief that witchcraft could be to blame , many people are refusing to get medical help because they believe they are cursed and marked to die by witches , even though they actually could be helped with quick medical intervention .
these beliefs make it harder to contain the spread of ebola.there was a violent riot in sierra leone when a nurse publicly and wrongly announced that ebola does n't exist .
the deluded nurse claims that the virus was just an excuse so that doctors can perform cannibal rituals in the hospitals.sierra leone 's citizens already have a large distrust towards the health system and prefer traditional ( unproven ) healers .
as a result , the uprising outnumbered and pressured the authorities who were already on the brink of collapse trying to control the spread of ebola.one family in particular carelessly smuggled their relative out of the hospital 's isolation ward and drove her to a traditional healer across the country , stupidly spreading ebola into previously uninfected areas .
i think it 's probably safe to say that we can blame at least fifty percent of sierra leone 's ebola deaths on this foolish nurse.over 100 leaders of the christian faith met in monrovia to discuss the ebola outbreak .
at the end of the meeting , they concluded that god was angry with liberia and the sins of the liberian people , so he sent a plague of ebola to punish them.a high ranking muslim cleric , imam sheikh salah sheriff , agreed , stating that humanity was being punished for sins such as homosexuality .
liberians were told to `` begin to fear god , not ebola .
the articles that published this story included an `` image '' of a risen ebola victim.in fact the image was a still from the film ' [ world war z ] ( http : //bit.ly/wrldwrz001 ) ' with a few tell-tale ebola symptoms very badly photoshopped onto the face.this claim is nothing more than an immature hoax which , thanks to the gullible users of the internet , spread like wildfire.according to a story , there was a traveller at the border between sierra leone and guinea .
the woman had a bag with her .
when the bag was checked by border staff , they found a snake in it .
according to the story , the woman died instantly , followed by the border official who looked into the bag , dropping it on the floor .
then the snake slithered away .
people who believe this story say the snake is cursed.some conspiracy theorists fascinated with new world order conspiracies such as the illuminati are claiming they are to blame .
these people claim the new world order developed and released ebola in order to depopulate the world , preparing it for a takeover by themselves so they can install a global totalitarian government .
apparently this so called new world order launched the attack on africa first because it has the weakest health systems so ebola would spread quicker into other countries .
the news of the first ebola victim in the us added more fuel to this silly theory .
100 % satisfaction garantie uh oh ... unknown 0 can’t display all the features of our site .
may we suggest an alternative browser ?
because you won’t want to miss out on all this goodness .
ebola obtenu pre- order pre-order today !
your design will be made and shipped as soon as our manufacturers are ready to begin production .
devant à propos de ce produit modèle : t-shirt basique pour homme confortable et décontracté , le t-shirt noir en coton épais deviendra rapidement l'un de vos t-shirts préférés .
100 % coton , tout le monde peut le porter .
double couture des ourlets des manches et inférieur pour une durabilité accrue .
choisissez un design existant ou personnalisez-le pour le rendre unique !
taille et forme le modèle mesure 1.57 m et porte une taille m coupe standard conforme à la taille indiquée tissu et entretien sans étiquettes pour plus de confort ourlets des manches et ourlet inférieur à double couture importé lavable en machine à l'eau froide couleur : blanc
these agencies want your help in the fight against ebola 03/10/2014 jerome m. spencer world news the war against ebola is getting worse by the day , and these agencies are looking for your donations to help provide relief and aid to those in the hardest hit countries .
rounding up organizations seeking donations , daily news is here to guide you through reputable agencies in which you are able to donate to .
doctors without borders : ways to help here .
international medical corps : go here .
414 x 414 px | 14.61 x 14.61 cm | 72 dpi low 592 x 592 px | 20.88 x 20.88 cm | 72 dpi medium 1,733 x 1,733 px | 14.67 x 14.67 cm | 300 dpi high 3,157 x 3,157 px | 26.73 x 26.73 cm | 300 dpi very high 4,083 x 4,083 px | 34.57 x 34.57 cm | 300 dpi vector
associated press a man takes part in a traditional ceremony for people who died due to the ebola virus and that got cremated at a crematorium on the outskirts of monrovia , liberia , saturday , march 7 , 2015 .
traditional leaders from the fifteen counties in liberia performed prayers at a crematorium that was used to burn the remains of people that passed away due to the ebola virus .
after the ceremony at the crematorium the remains were transported to a burial site were family members and traditional leaders gave their last blessing .
the west african nations of sierra leone , liberia and guinea have been hardest hit in the yearlong ebola outbreak , which is estimated to have left more than 9,800 people dead .
in a statement tuesday , the u.n. health agency said the panel was commissioned after a resolution passed by its executive board .
the panel will be chaired by barbara stocking , a former chief executive of oxfam gb .
a preliminary report is due in may .
who 's handling of the ebola outbreak that has killed over 9,900 people in west africa has been heavily criticized .
who admitted in an internal draft report that it fumbled early attempts to curb the outbreak , blaming incompetent staff and a lack of real-time information .
others also criticized who for not declaring an international health emergency until nearly 1,000 people had died .
currently , the vaccine for ebola is making its way to liberia .
in an exclusive interview with 39-year-old pauline cafferkey of cambuslang , scotland , the ebola survivor tells the scotsman that she is simply , “happy to be alive.”
fda approves use of experimental ebola drug by sarah ferris - 10/06/14 11:14 am edt the food and drug administration ( fda ) on monday approved the use of an experimental drug that has been hailed as one of the pharmaceutical industry 's best chances at fighting the ebola virus .
chimerix , a north carolina-based biopharmaceutical company , announced monday that it has received approval to administer an antiviral drug called brincidofovir that has successfully treated ebola in lab tests .
advertisement the drug has also been tested by the centers for disease control and prevention and the national institutes of health , though it is not expected to win approval for wide public use until late 2016 .
another drug that has been used to treat ebola-infected patients , tkm-ebola , has also been permitted for emergency use by the fda. tkm-ebola was used on american doctor kent brantly , who recovered from the disease after he was treated in an atlanta hospital last month .
the drug , produced by canadian drugmaker tekmira , was given a `` fast track '' designation and is still undergoing clinical trials .
the fda has been under pressure to speed up its drug approval process , which typically takes years .
agency officials have said that the current pace of reviewing new drug applications to fight ebola — taking just days instead of months or years — set agency records. ebola has killed at least 3,439 people across west africa .
one u.s. hospital is also treating an ebola-infected patient , who is in critical condition as he battles the deadly virus .
local news outlets reported monday that the patient is not being treated with experimental drugs that were used to treat several other americans who had contracted , and later survived , the disease .
some lawmakers have been cautious about speeding up the u.s. clinical response to ebola .
at a hearing held by a house foreign relations subcommittee last month , rep. betty mccollum ( d-minn. ) warned against turning africa into “a testing ground” with drugs that haven’t been properly vetted .
she added that an untested vaccine could “discredit” u.s. efforts to combat the disease and make people more fearful across the affected areas. tags:
nina pham , dallas nurse who survived ebola , sues hospital ebola survivor nina pham files suit nina pham nina pham , the dallas nurse who contracted ebola from a patient , is suing the hospital where she works nurse nina pham — once the upbeat face of the dallas hospital that confronted the country’s first ebola case — sued the hospital’s parent company monday , alleging that it had failed to protect her before and after she was diagnosed with the deadly disease last fall .
the lawsuit accuses texas health resources of committing , among other things , gross negligence , fraud and invasion of privacy .
pham’s initial training to treat an ebola patient consisted of reading information a supervisor obtained through a google search , the lawsuit says , and pham initially wore protective gear that left her neck and hair exposed .
two weeks after she was admitted to the hospital with a fever , dallas nurse nina pham is now ebola-free and has been released from care .
duncan , 42 , fell ill during a visit from his native liberia in september and died oct. 8 , two days before pham tested positive .
pham said in a statement that she had hoped the hospital’s parent company would be “more open and honest about everything that happened at the hospital , and the things they did n't do that led to me getting infected with ebola .
but that did n't happen , and i felt i was left with no choice but to turn to the courts for help.” 8 she added : “i 'm facing a number of issues with regard to my health and my career , and the lawsuit provides a way to address them .
but more importantly , it will help uncover the truth of what happened , and educate all healthcare providers and administrators about ways to be better prepared for the next public health emergency.” pham had initially praised the hospital , releasing a statement in october that said she felt “blessed to be cared for by the best team of doctors and nurses in the world.” before she was transferred later that month to a national institutes of health hospital near washington , d.c. , nurses and other hospital staff lined up outside texas health presbyterian to see her off .
a video released by the dallas facility showed pham in her hospital room , telling staff , “i love you guys.” that was all a show , according to her dallas attorney charla aldous .
although pham was grateful to the medical team she worked with in the intensive care unit , the hospital put pham at risk and , once she was infected , used her as “a pr pawn , ” aldous said .
wendell watson , a spokesman for texas health resources , declined to address specific allegations .
that 's why we have continued to support nina both during and after her illness , and it 's why she is still a member of our team .
as distressing as the lawsuit is to us , we remain optimistic that we can resolve this matter with nina , ” he said .
0 when pham was called upon to treat duncan for a possible ebola infection on sept. 29 , she and other nurses were not provided training or a change of clothes , and were forced to wear contaminated scrubs home , according to the lawsuit .
the nurses later switched to protective suits with respirators and reinforced gloves .
after duncan died , officials from the hospital’s parent company and the centers for disease control and prevention told pham that she was at “no risk” of infection and could see family and friends — which she did , placing them at risk , the lawsuit says .
after pham was admitted and diagnosed with ebola , the hospital released information saying that her condition was good even though she had asked that information not be released and medical records showed her condition was actually life-threatening , according to the lawsuit .
after pham became infected , a second nurse who had treated duncan , amber vinson , was also diagnosed with ebola .
vinson , 30 , also recovered and is in contact with pham , aldous said .
vinson has retained a dallas attorney who did not return calls monday about whether she plans to sue the hospital .
duncan 's parents and four children announced in november that they had settled all legal claims against the hospital for an unspecified amount , and the hospital released a statement saying the matter had been “amicably resolved.” pham still lives in the dallas area with her cavalier king charles spaniel , bentley , who became a cause celebre during the ebola outbreak when he was quarantined and then reunited with his owner after she was discharged from the hospital .
pham is single and would like to have a family , but she worries about the toll from ebola and the experimental treatment she received , including new drugs and a blood transfusion from an ebola survivor .
in recent weeks , her hair started falling out , and she called vinson for advice , aldous said .
pham also still suffers body aches , nightmares and stigma , her attorney said .
pham 's lawsuit demands unspecified damages for physical pain and mental anguish , medical expenses and loss of future earnings .
she remains on the hospital 's payroll , her attorney said , but has stopped working and is trying to figure out how she can return to nursing given the trauma and stigma of having survived ebola .
saudi arabia testing blood samples of suspected ebola case 05 august 2014 page content a saudi man whose travel history includes a recent business trip to sierra leone presented with symptoms of viral hemorrhagic fever last night at a hospital in jeddah .
the source of his infection could be one of several viruses , including ebola virus because of his recent travel to a country in which there is an active outbreak of the disease .
the patient , 40 , is in critical condition .
he has been moved to a tertiary care center with advanced isolation and infection-control capabilities .
preliminary testing at a specialized laboratory in saudi arabia was negative for dengue virus .
additional tests are underway to determine if the source of the infection is yellow fever , alkhumra or another virus .
moh is also submitting samples for ebola virus testing at an international reference lab at the recommendation of the world health organization .
some viral hemorrhagic fevers are found in saudi arabia , however there has never been a case of ebola virus in the kingdom. this case was detected by the ministry’s surveillance system , which was established within the command & control center and includes real-time monitoring and self-reporting by medical facilities across the kingdom .
saudi arabia announced in april that it is not issuing visas for the 2014 hajj and umrah to pilgrims from sierra leone , liberia and guinea due to these countries suffering from an ebola outbreak .
medical workers are monitoring travelers at airports and seaports across the kingdom .
to learn more about hemorrhagic fevers , please visit:
webfinder.hol.es blog finder , blogger , website , news , gallery , web search , website submiter ebola in new jersey health care worker is the first traveler from west africa to be quarantined under new ebola screening procedures at new york area airports source : www.cbsnews.com new york ( cnn ) -- a preliminary test shows that a health care worker who traveled to west africa does not have ebola , new jersey officials said saturday .
chris christie and new york gov .
andrew cuomo said the case forced them to conclude that the two states need guidelines more rigorous than ...
find new jersey ebola cases , news , and other resources today on ebola united states .
chris christie gave an update today on the west african airline passenger sent to university hospital in newark because of concerns over the ebola virus source : www.nj.com illinois has joined new york and new jersey in deciding to quarantine anyone arriving at its airports who has had direct contact with ebola patients , even ...
toms river police arrested a 47-year-old new jersey man monday after finding ...
as ebola fears heighten worldwide , new jersey hospitals , doctors and other health care professionals are ...
first news plus ; new jersey news ; nation / world ; money / business ; lottery numbers ; entertainment ; health / wellness ; ask the governor highlights ; sports source : nj1015.com the fda has warned three companies , including one based in newton , for claiming to have cures or treatments for ebola .
first news plus ; new jersey news ; nation / world ; money / business ; lottery numbers ; entertainment ; health / wellness ; ask the governor highlights ; sports source : nj1015.com anyone flying into new york and new jersey after having contact with ebola sufferers in west africa will be subjected to a mandatory 21-day quarantine , the ...
you can read the document below .
the order went into effect friday ...
commentary and archival information about ebola from the new york times .
the order went into effect friday ...
webfinder.hol.es is web search engine and does not host any files , no media files are indexed hosted cached or stored on our server , they are located on third party sites that are not obligated in anyway with our site , webfinder.hol.es is not responsible for third party website content .
thanks for visitor , google.com , bing.com , yahoo.com and advertizer .
dallas nurse caught ebola because cdc protocols are inadequate building safer protocols isn’t rocket science … it’s just common sense a nurse in dallas has caught ebola even though she was wearing full protective gear .
the centers for disease control says she must have broken protocol , or else she couldn’t have caught it. maybe she did … or maybe cdc assumptions are overly-optimistic .
but the whole point of protocols for dealing with life-and-death situations is to have backup systems , redundancy and a margin of error in case something goes wrong .
in other words , if a mistake could be fatal , you don’t just hope that there’s no human error or natural accident. you build safety systems in so that – if something goes wrong – no one dies .
safe removal of protective suits cdc head frieden said today that removal of protective clothing is one of the easiest ways to get exposed to ebola , if done incorrectly .
he also said that it is “ not easy to do right .” yes …and the protocol should reflect those facts .
specifically , the cdc protocol should require : ( 1 ) spraying of bleach or other disinfectant or uv light on the healhcare worker’s protective clothing before it is removed ( 2 ) a buddy system , where an infectious disease specialist helps the healthcare worker take off their protective clothing without exposing themselves in the process respirators even the cdc now admits that ebola can be spread if a carrier coughs or sneezes into the face of a healthcare worker .
and numerous scientists say that ebola can be spread via aerosols created by vomit or the flushing of a toilet .
as such , cdc protocols must require frontline healthcare workers treating ebola patients to wear respirators .
phone screening doctors should not have to guess whether patients have just come from ebola hotzone countries like liberia , sierra leone or guinea .
receptionists at doctor’s offices and hospitals around the country must ask the patient on the phone – before they come in – whether they’ve recently traveled there .
if the answer is yes , extra caution should be used to examine the patient … or they should be sent to specialist facilities which know how to spot and handle potential ebola patients .
share this : west african countries should give people a real ebola test before allowing them to fly to the west → kc if this article is correct , full protective gear was not used until the positive ebola test came back 2 days after he was finally admitted to the hospital .
at one point , he registered a fever of 103 and told the hospital he had been in west africa .
he was sent home with a prescription for antibiotics .
— his condition worsened dramatically , and on sept. 28 , he returned to the hospital in an ambulance shortly after 10 a.m. — doctors admitted him and put him in isolation .
by evening , he was projectile vomiting , having explosive diarrhea and his temperature was 103.1 degrees .
— on sept. 29 , as his condition worsened , duncan asked the nurse to put him in a diaper .
— on sept. 30 , tests results confirmed duncan had ebola .
only then did staff treating duncan trade their gowns and scrubs for hazmat suits , and the room was cleaned with bleach .
— and on oct. 8 , duncan died .
carter p markham if this disease is only contracted through contact with bodily fluids , then the standard gloves should have been sufficient .
margie carter you show a complete lack of knowledge of patient care .
if this man was projectile vomiting and having projectile diarrhea then gloves won’t be nearly enough .
i think over the years , and i’ve been a nurse for 36 , i’ve had every possible bodily fluid on me .
if the nurses weren’t trained in the use of hazmat suits , and there is no reason to think they were , and if they were only following standard precautions , i am positive that bodily fluids ended up on many health care workers .
i know that in my hospital the actual caregivers have not received any information regarding ebola or the use of hazmat suits , much less the actual cdc protocols .
esmae “carter you show a complete lack of knowledge of patient care…..
if the nurses weren’t trained in the use of hazmat suits , and there is no reason to think they were…” bingo !
then they shouldn’t be handling the patient placing themselves and the public at risk .
it sounds like your blaming the nurse , but then you go on about the lack of proper training , how about blaming the medical community- > hospital , cdc & it’s leader for placing her in this situation by allowing this liar in the country ?
the us & tom f claimed preparedness since july and this proves that they lied even about airborne potential , and most of us know viruses are airborne still we allow travel from the high risk countries instead of banning travel we’ll be exposing everyone on aircrafts , airports , and we all know how sparkling clean the jets are flight to flight .
carter p markham or perhaps our government is lying through their teeth about how this disease is contracted .
perhaps it is an airborne disease afterall .
we’ll find out after midterms , or after we’ve allowed ebola infected patients to cross our border by the dozens liberty written like a true science denier .
if only there was a cure for political blindness .
liberty written like a true science denier .
if only there was a cure for political blindness .
my side of town don’t you folks realize that obama and the cia are actively working to overcome disease protocols and “build out” ebola from the initial hot zones ?
to use white house parlance , dallas is their initial conus “carve-out” .
carve-outs are when the cia injects a death squad into a country where they want to overrthrow the government and grab territory .
dallas is like benghazi except instead al qaeda ( isis ) it’s ebola .
the white house frankly could give a damn about containment .
they are actively creating hot zones on the same pattern they did using illegals spreading the enterovirus .
they are always one step ahead of the response in facilitating it’s spread… that’s is how you can tell it’s being run by federal covert agencies folks !
the cdc are mere pr shills laying down a smokescreen of lies and misinformation .
they grow and spread ebola like they did isis .
they would not have unleashed it in conus if the federal covert agencies coordinating operation ebola were not already producing blood serum in enough quantities to vaccinate their core cadre of fellow international criminals .
all part of their ‘smart power” schema .
i’ll be that many or you don’t even know that russian and chinese speaking members of their fake “isis” contra army are being trained at bases in the usa right now .
the us government is in the midst of a multi-front war against everyone .
even big chunks of it’s own edifice .
the reason it continues unimpeeded is because there are no such thing as journalists… only operatives !
liberty from your rant i am now afraid mental illness may be spreading like an epidemic .
my side of town describing criminal acts the white house is committing is not mental illness .
pointing it out in a hostile environment of their confederates may be .
esmae laughable comment , if not totally obvious you’re a damage control troll .
or perhaps you don’t fly much or you if you do your butt is in first class and not in sardine can portion of the plane .
actions speak louder then their words , and the actions of the us & uk & other gov shows they doesn’t much care , it’s all good for business , as they continue to allow flights in from infected regions and lame ass closing the barn door , screening at arrivals .
michaelrivero the cdcs protocols are working about as well as obamacare .
following those protocols , some 240 trained medical people have become infected with ebola and about half of them have died .
so clearly , it is the protocols that are the problem , and blaming the victims will not change that .
fantazine davol you take that back !
there is nothing wrong with the protocols .
you people just need to quit breeching the protocol you bunch of protocol breechers .
quit picking on the time tested protocols !
you are all a bunch of anti-protocolites .
kim e morgan it requires a physicians order to prescribe medication , such as antibiotic , as well as discharge from a hospital .
looks to me like the physician who made the decision to write these orders ” breeched” protocol .
regardless of the “first line” nurses assessment , which documented travel history , if that physician took a thourough history and assessment of the patient , and was aware of current events at the time surrounding this deadly virus , she/he would not have made such a misguided clinical decision…..hence , “breech” in common sense “protocol” .
it ended up being a very bad medical error .
yet now the nurse who “cared” for the patient “breeched” protocol .
and wow , does she have to suffer the consequence .
esmae “even the cdc now admits that ebola can be spread if a carrier coughs or sneezes …” and this is why the us , & uk are now screening at arrivals and not banning travel from high risk countries , no one ever coughs or sneezes on an aircraft !
gingerkat i wonder if it’s something they even considered… spreading the virus to usa soil , literally fauna and flora .
esmae yes would it not be fab to infect our soil , bats , birds , just marvellous !
gingerkat i think travel to the us from africa ought to be banned until the cdc & who have a grip .
ebola outbreak not under control 1 add videos to your playlist create new description duration : 03:43 — added 9 months ago cnn’s jonathan mann talks to public health specialist armand sprecher about the recent ebola outbreak in west africa .
skip to embed video < iframe width= '' 600 '' height= '' 350 '' src= '' http : //tune.pk/player/embed_player.php ? vid=3928071 & folder=2014/06/24/ & width=600 & height=350 & autoplay=no '' frameborder= '' 0 '' allowfullscreen scrolling= '' no '' > < /iframe > x report video please select the category that most closely reflects your concern about the video , so that we can review it and determine whether it violates our community guidelines or is n't appropriate for all viewers .
abusing this feature is also a violation of the community guidelines , so do n't do it .
message ( optional ) preview grabien is the world 's first online marketplace for professionally edited , crowd-sourced news multimedia .
featuring downloadable audio and video clips from the day 's top news stories , grabien 's easy-to-use service benefits news consumers & creators alike .
by easing access to sought-after multimedia , grabien is helping further expand the news industry itself , bridging the resources of “old media” with the drive and dynamism of “new media.”
we 'd like to set these regional settings for you : english ( us ) , swiss franc chf , switzerland show this message in english your preferences have been saved .
you can always update these regional settings later at the bottom of any page .
we 'd like to set these regional settings for you : '' , '' english_confirm_message '' : '' your preferences have been saved .
you can always update these regional settings later at the bottom of any page .
diseases ( 1 ) species ( 4 ) during the 2001-2002 outbreak in gabon , we observed that several dogs were highly exposed to ebola virus by eating infected dead animals .
to examine whether these animals became infected with ebola virus , we sampled 439 dogs and screened them by ebola virus -specific immunoglobulin ( ig ) g assay , antigen detection , and viral polymerase chain reaction amplification .
seven ( 8.9 % ) of 79 samples from the 2 main towns , 15 ( 15.2 % ) of 99 samples from mekambo , and 40 ( 25.2 % ) of 159 samples from villages in the ebola virus -epidemic area had detectable ebola virus -igg , compared to only 2 ( 2 % ) of 102 samples from france .
among dogs from villages with both infected animal carcasses and human cases , seroprevalence was 31.8 % .
a significant positive direct association existed between seroprevalence and the distances to the ebola virus -epidemic area .
this study suggests that dogs can be infected by ebola virus and that the putative infection is asymptomatic .
usamriid scientist at forefront of developing vaccine for ebola august 13 , 2014 alan schmaljohn , ph.d. , professor of microbiology and immunology at the university of maryland school of medicine ( um som ) , has spent decades studying the ebola virus and similar viruses identifying key characteristics that have aided in the development of vaccines , antivirals and treatment methods .
as a leader of research and chief in the viral pathogenesis and immunology branch with the u.s. army medical research institute of infectious diseases ( usamriid ) , dr. schmaljohn was able to help identify three of the key antibodies that are used currently in combination with each other to treat patients infected with ebola .
dr. schmaljohn is now one of the scientific leaders in the um som partnership with department of defense contract recipient paragon bioservices in the manufacture of an ebola virus vaccine for initial safety testing in humans .
only human trials will provide the final answers as to which vaccines are best on the basis of many criteria , foremost being safety and efficacy , ” he said .
dr. schmaljohn was originally one of the leaders in determining what kinds of immune responses are required for protection against viruses like ebola and he was part of the team that first identified antibodies capable of protecting certain animals from ebola virus. “subsequently , ” he said , “three of these antibodies have been developed as a candidate mixture for human therapy against ebolavirus , which seems to be true with an american who was infected with ebolavirus during the current outbreak.” however , he cautions that many scientific questions remain unanswered .
how the ebola virus affects the human body written by : rafael•edited by : paul arnold •updated : 10/8/2014 the ebola virus is a member of the filoviridae family of rna viruses .
it causes an often fatal disease in humans called ebola hemorrhagic fever .
slide 1 of 6 ebola virus the recent outbreak of the ebola virus has turned national attention on this deadly disease .
named after the ebola river in africa , ebola hemorrhagic fever ( ebola hf ) affects humans and primates and has emerged sporadically since its first appearance in 1976 .
the virus appears to be native to the african continent ( it has appeared in the democratic republic of congo , gabon , sudan , the ivory coast , and uganda ) .
its natural host is not known nor is its mechanism for survival in nature .
slide 2 of 6 how is the ebola virus transmitted ?
since the natural reservoir of the virus is not known , the way the virus is transmitted to the first patient is not known .
however , once one person is infected , the virus can be transmitted in several ways .
one way is through direct contact with the blood and/or secretions of an infected person .
thus , family members and friends are prone to get infected .
another route for the virus transmission is within the healthcare facility .
healthcare workers ( doctors , nurses ) can become infected when they are in contact with needles used on patients .
if appropriate protective measures are not taken ( use of mask , gowns , etc .
the disease can also be passed from primates to humans .
slide 3 of 6 how the ebola virus affects the human body the ebola virus infection is systemic , meaning that it attacks every organ and tissue of the human body except the bones and skeletal muscles .
ebola hf is marked by blood clotting and hemorrhaging .
although it is not known exactly how the virus particles attack cells , it is postulated that one factor that allows them to do so is that they release proteins that dampen down the immune system response .
the ebola virus attacks connective tissue multiplying rapidly in collagen .
collagen is the tissue that helps to keep the organs in place .
the tissue is basically digested by this virus .
the virus causes small blood clots to form in the bloodstream of the patient ; the blood thickens and the blood flow slows down .
blood clots get stuck into blood vessels forming red spots on the patient skin .
these grow in size as the disease progress .
also , blood clots does not allow a proper blood supply to many organs such as the liver , brain , lungs , kidneys , intestines , breast tissue , testicles , etc .
spontaneous bleeding then occurs from body orifices and gaps in the skin , such as needle puncture marks and rips that can suddenly appear .
death is caused by huge loss of blood , renal failure , or shock .
slide 4 of 6 what are the symptoms of virus ebola ?
the first symptoms of ebola virus infection are a sudden increase in body temperature , strong headaches , and joint and muscle pain .
diarrhea , vomiting , and stomach pain usually follow with internal and external bleeding in many cases .
bleeding can occur from the eyes , nose , and tongue .
slide 5 of 6 is there a cure for the ebola virus ?
unfortunately there is no cure for this disease .
research is geared towards creating a vaccine .
however , at present time there is no available vaccine for this virus .
the american citizens most recently affected have been treated with an experimental new drug , and have been shown to be recovering .
this gives us hope for a definitive cure in the future .
slide 6 of 6 sources : gear h s. 1989 .
clinical aspects of african viral hemorrhagic fevers .
11 ( suppl 4 ) : 5777-5782 peters , c j and leduc , jw , eds .
ebola : the virus and the disease .
179 ( suppl 1 ) : ix-xvi .
self-confessed “five star squatters” have taken over a historic office block a few hundred yards from buckingham palace .
ebola : healthcare worker in texas tests positive for deadly virus ebola case : dallas fire department officers enter an apartment where a second person has been diagnosed with the ebola virus in dallas ( picture : mike stone/getty images ) published : 12 october 2014 updated : 19:41 , 12 october 2014 a healthcare worker in texas who cared for an ebola patient has tested positive for the virus .
if preliminary tests are confirmed , the woman , who works at texas health presbyterian hospital , would be the first person to contract ebola in the united states .
a statement posted on the texas department of state health service 's website said `` confirmatory testing will be conducted by the centres for disease control and prevention in atlanta '' .
officials say the healthcare worker reported a low grade fever on friday night and was isolated and referred for testing .
dr david lakey , commissioner of the texas department of state health services , said officials have `` been preparing for this possibility '' .
health officials have interviewed the patient and are identifying any contacts or potential exposures .
thomas eric duncan , the first person diagnosed with ebola in the us , died on wednesday in dallas .
if the preliminary diagnosis is confirmed , it would be the first known case of the disease being contracted or transmitted in the us .
hospital and state health officials did not identify the healthcare worker or provide a job description .
ebola spreads through close contact with a symptomatic person 's bodily fluids , such as blood , sweat , vomit , faeces , urine , saliva or semen .
those fluids must have an entry point , like a cut or scrape or someone touching the nose , mouth or eyes with contaminated hands , or being splashed .
the world health organisation said blood , faeces and vomit are the most infectious fluids , while the virus is found in saliva mostly once patients are severely ill and the whole live virus has never been culled from sweat .
local engagement in ebola outbreaks and beyond in sierra leone oosterhoff , p. and wilkinson , a .
practice paper in brief 24 publisher ids download this publication free of charge containment strategies for ebola rupture fundamental features of social , political and religious life .
control efforts that involve local people and appreciate their perspectives , social structures and institutions are therefore vital .
unfortunately such approaches have not been widespread in west africa where response strategies have been predominantly top-down .
authoritarian tactics have had questionable effect , potentially worsening the epidemic and contributing to social and economic burdens .
failure to involve local people and their concerns is often justified by budgetary and practical restraints such as lack of time and resources .
however , some of the current ebola responses reflect problematic assumptions about local ignorance and capability .
these sentiments are deeply rooted , having evolved with unequal power dynamics over long periods of time .
the emerging evidence on successful local responses suggests that local populations can learn rapidly to adjust high-risk traditional practices and reduce transmission in conjunction with solid public health measures .
recognising and supporting local resilience will be essential in successfully and sustainably engaging populations in effective ebola responses .
proof of false media reporting about ebola in sierra leone by annie · january 4 , 2015 the main centre for trauma in sierra leone is the hospital in goderich , which is situated just outside the capital , according to the main stream media , the first death recorded in that area was may 26th 2014 , and yet , according to this report from groderich hospital , as of august 7th 2014 , no patients were seen .
in an area that was reported to have been involved in an epidemic .
and yet , just four days later , august 11th , 2014 eric talbert , executive director of emergency usa , was interviewed on the melissa harris-perry show about the ebola outbreak in sierra leone and the impact its had on the emergency surgical and pediatric hospital near the capital city of freetown .
also , reports that the second spanish priest who was treated for ebola , but later died in madrid , was named in many articles as manuel garcia viejo but according to the report from emergency usa website , his name was don emanuel .
this can not be the same person as the first priest as his name was miguel pajares .
september 23th , 2014 our doctors and nurses are already working round-the-clock at the new ebola treatment center in lakka , sierra leone which we just opened 5 days ago .
so far , the center has taken in 10 patients , and 2 suspect cases are on their way now from the province of pujehun .
don emanuel , the spanish priest brought to our center last friday , was taken back to his country yesterday morning .
he’s in a critical condition .
breaking : sheriff’s deputy who was forced to enter ebola apartment falls ill share paul joseph watson one of the sheriff’s deputies who was forced to enter the apartment where ebola victim thomas eric duncan stayed before he was taken to hospital has fallen ill. a statement issued by the city of frisco , a suburb of dallas , suggests that a second potential ebola victim has been taken to the presbyterian hospital in dallas , the same facility where duncan stayed before his death this morning .
the cdc claims “the patient did not have direct contact with duncan and he was not one of the 48 people being monitored by federal , state and local health officials.” however , according to a dallas morning news report , the individual was one of the sheriff’s deputies who was forced to enter ebola victim duncan’s apartment last week .
duncan’s family told the media that they received no advice from the cdc on how to go about cleaning the apartment and it was a number of days before a professional hazmat team arrived to clean the building .
as we reported last week , dallas county sheriff’s association president christopher dyer criticized the decision , suggesting that the sheriff’s deputies and their families were unhappy at having to potentially expose themselves to the virus .
you’ve got to go home and tell your spouse , ‘hey , i was just inside this house where a guy had ebola.’” “my anger is really with the feds , ” dryer added .
let’s move everybody out of that building .
i don’t care if it’s overkill .
i don’t think sending a few deputies in there is the right course of action.” infowars spoke with the cdc last week who said that the apartment in which ebola victim duncan stayed should have been cleaned right away .
images taken from a news chopper also showed unprotected workers cleaning the sidewalk with a pressure washer near duncan’s apartment where eyewitnesses said he had vomited before entering an ambulance .
please donate now please note that if you wish to make any amount of contribution to us , you can send it to us using paypal id info @ pakalertpress.com .
spotlight : ebola crisis could continue for months : health official editor : zhenglimin 丨xinhua full coverage : ebola outbreak in west africa washington/monrovia , aug. 7 ( xinhua ) -- a u.s. health official warned thursday it would take at least three to six months to end the ebola outbreak , which has killed nearly 1,000 in west africa , and which has prompted a state of emergency in liberia and nigeria .
the director on wednesday activated the level of the agency 's response to the outbreak to its highest alert status .
calling it `` a crisis '' and `` unprecedented , '' he said at the current trend there will be more cases in this outbreak than in all previous recognized outbreaks of ebola put together .
the outbreak , by far the largest in the nearly 40-year history of the disease , has infected over 1,700 people and killed nearly 1,000 so far this year in guinea , liberia , nigeria and sierra leone , according to the world health organization ( who ) .
global emergency both liberia and nigeria declared a state of emergency on wednesday over the ebola outbreak .
the state of emergency allows liberia 's government to curtail civil rights and deploy troops and police to impose quarantines on badly affected communities .
the health care system in liberia was collapsing , with hospitals closing , medical workers fleeing and people dying of common diseases because they are afraid to seek treatment , liberia 's minister of foreign affairs augustine kpehe ngafuan was cited by the reuters as saying .
the worsening outbreak has prompted the united states to order the families of its diplomats in liberia to leave and warn against non-essential travel to the west african nation .
a state department statement said the u.s. staff would remain on active duty at the embassy and an additional staff was being sent to help the government tackle the outbreak of the deadly virus .
in eastern sierra leone , the worst-hit area of the country , military and the police have surrounded kenema and kailahun districts , preventing all vehicular traffic from leaving or entering the areas .
on friday , the world health organization ( who ) declared that the ebola outbreak in west africa constitutes a public health risk , and met the conditions for a public health emergency of international concern .
after two tele-conferences of the emergency committee by the who 's director-general under the international health regulations , the committee advised that the ebola outbreak in west africa constitutes an `` extraordinary event '' and a public health risk to other states .
new drugs while there are currently no licensed drugs for the deadly disease , officials from some western african countries have called for the use of experimental drugs to be made available in their own countries .
an experimental drug called zmapp has caught worldwide attention after two u.s. patients have shown signs of improvement after being treated with the medicine .
however , u.s. officials expressed their caution towards a wider application , citing that the drug has never been tested in people and there 's no proof that it helped the two americans .
the who , which is currently convening an emergency meeting in geneva , will gather medical ethics experts next week to discuss whether to apply untested and unproven treatments in a wider scope .
while zmapp is currently out of reach , another experimental drug to treat ebola has possibly been given a `` go-ahead .
the announcement , however , was not confirmed by the fda , whose spokeswoman stephanie yao said fda regulations bar the agency from disclosing information about experimental drugs .
tekmira has a 149 million u.s. dollar contract with the u.s. government to develop the drug , which targets the genetic material of ebola .
but the fda halted a small study of the injection in adults in july to request additional safety information .
ebola , which spreads through body fluid or secretions such as faeces , urine , saliva and semen , can kill up to 90 percent of those infected .
the fatality rate of the current epidemic is about 60 percent .
related videos please scan the qr code to follow us on instagram please scan the qr code to follow us on wechat we recommend along the frontier part 37- deqin ( 2 ) my solo tour de france part 1 china’s historic towns part 33- china’s historic towns part 33 secrets under the stones part 1 along the frontier part 36- deqin china’s historic towns- china’s historic towns part 32 karen mok : a multi-talented superstar the new tool : tattoo culture in china fuding , fujian province
ebola-exposed americans return for monitoring by by elizabeth cohen cnn published on : mar 15 2015 07:31:09 pm hst updated on : mar 16 2015 12:43:52 pm hst back next three more american aid workers who were exposed to ebola in sierra leone are due to arrive back in the united states on monday for monitoring. learn more about this deadly disease and its symptoms .
ebola hemorrhagic fever is a disease caused by one of five different ebola viruses .
four of the strains can cause severe illness in humans and animals .
the fifth , reston virus , has caused illness in some animals , but not in humans .
humans can be infected by other humans if they come in contact with body fluids from an infected person or contaminated objects from infected persons .
humans can also be exposed to the virus through activities like , for example , butchering infected animals .
symptoms of ebola typically include weakness , fever , aches , diarrhea , vomiting and stomach pain .
additional experiences include rash , red eyes , chest pain , throat soreness , difficulty breathing or swallowing and bleeding , both externally and internally .
typically , symptoms appear 8 to 10 days after exposure to the virus , but the incubation period can span two to 21 days .
unprotected health care workers are susceptible to infection because of their close contact with patients during treatment .
according to the world health organization , `` there is no specific treatment or vaccine , '' and the fatality rate can be up to 90 percent .
patients are given supportive care , which includes providing fluids and electrolytes and food .
the first human outbreaks occurred in 1976 , one in northern zaire ( now the democratic republic of the congo ) in central africa and the other in southern sudan ( now south sudan ) .
the virus is named after the ebola river , where the virus was first recognized in 1976 , according to the centers for disease control and prevention .
while the exact reservoir of ebola viruses is still unknown , researchers believe the most likely natural hosts are fruit bats .
none is known to be infected with the disease , centers for disease control and prevention spokesman tom skinner said tuesday .
the returning workers are clinicians for partners in health , a boston-based aid group .
they all had contact with a colleague who 's been diagnosed with the disease and is being treated at the national institutes of health in bethesda , maryland .
the heath care worker with ebola was in critical condition monday , the nih said .
that changed from the nih saying on friday that the patient was in serious condition .
details about the patient 's identity were n't released .
while in west africa , the workers `` came to the aid of their ailing colleague , '' according to a partners in health statement .
as the cdc investigates who else might have had contact with the ebola patient , more workers might be flown back to the united states , according to skinner .
the workers are being housed near hospitals that specialize in treating ebola patients , and if they show signs of the disease , they 'll be admitted as patients -- as was the case with one worker in nebraska .
the person developed symptoms sunday evening and `` out of an abundance of caution '' was taken to the biocontainment unit at the university of nebraska medical center in omaha .
however , some of the symptoms which prompted the move to the biocontainment unit have resolved this morning .
the worker is being isolated in housing near emory university hospital for 21 days .
as in atlanta , these workers have voluntarily agreed not to leave their housing .
another set of three workers arrived sunday morning at housing near the national institutes of health .
these workers will have more freedom to move around than the ones in georgia and nebraska .
according to christopher garrett , a spokesman for the maryland department of health , his state will follow the cdc 's guidelines , which forbid monitored individuals from getting on public transportation but allow them to go outside as long as they stay at least 3 feet away from other people .
more workers arrived monday morning in atlanta and were isolated in housing near emory .
the patient now at nih is the second with ebola admitted to the nih hospital .
a deadly and stubborn epidemic nina pham , a nurse at texas health presbyterian hospital dallas , was admitted to nih in october after she contracted the disease while treating liberian national thomas eric duncan .
pham recovered and was released free of disease .
emory , the nih and nebraska are three of only four hospitals in the united states that have biocontainment units to deal with a highly infectious disease such as ebola .
more than 10,000 people have died in a west african epidemic of ebola that dates back to december 2013 , according to the world health organization .
almost all of the deaths have been in guinea , liberia and sierra leone .
ebola is spread by direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person .
this material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
osm tasking manager requesting org .
: ifrc / red cross & msf priority : high the international federation of red cross and red crescent societies ( ifrc ) is deploying for the ebola epidemic going on there .
more detailed basemap data ( roads , villages , streets , buildings ) is needed to assist in the response .
2014 west africa ebola response wiki coordination page please map in detail .
trace all the buildings you can see .
this is an essential information for the red cross .
in some densely populated areas you may not be able to trace all the buildings , just do the best you can .
buildings should only be done after all the roads in the area are finished though .
trace also the roads , tag them according to the highway tag africa wiki page .
note that for some areas , clouds will obscure the view .
in these areas , do your best .
we will revise the mapping of these areas when new imagery is available .
comment the changeset with : sierra leone , # hotosm-ebola-sl-574 source=digitalglobe/mapbox
2 weeks ago 37 views0 comments0 likes i 'm sorry if i offended anyone during this whole affair .
i have made the decision to take an extended leave for the benefit of the community and for my own well-being .
i will not be reading any messages or responding ...
ebola patient in critical condition at nih in bethesda scott dance the baltimore sun 2:07 p.m. edt , march 16 , 2015 an american health worker who contracted the ebola virus in sierra leone is in critical condition at the national institutes of health clinical center in bethesda , officials said monday .
the person had arrived at the hospital friday in serious condition .
nih officials are not releasing additional details about the patient .
they also said they have no pending admissions of others suspected or confirmed to have ebola .
ebola deeply ebola deeply is a collaborative news and information platform designed to tell the full story of the ebola outbreak .
new york , london , freetown .
are you sure you want to view these tweets ?
viewing tweets wo n't unblock @ eboladeeply .
20 retweets 10 favorites unicef report highlights 'terrifying ' impact of # how bad data fed the # # ebola’s long tail : the outbreak subsides , leaving children at risk of malnutrition & vaccination gaps http : //bit.ly/1x4dtqw via @ new # ebola outbreak trend shows cases are in a smaller geographic area , which holds promise for response efforts http : //bit.ly/1fxjk5y 21 retweets 14 favorites american aid worker tests positive for # beautiful writing on time running out , from a young neurosurgeon who died this week .
decoration day in # conversations btwn scientists & the public are needed to ease distrust over # `` they burned the people and bones were scattered”- decoration day in liberia after # `` i was afraid that my heart would burn .
so it is better that i left monrovia '' - our report on liberia 's decoration day http : //bit.ly/1heqyns 1 retweet 0 favorites on decoration day in liberia , haunted by # ebola 's horrific toll - a painful story from monrovia today http : //bit.ly/1heqyns 1 retweet 0 favorites british military health worker in sierra leone tests positive for # liberia and sierra leone have reopened their border .
amid what risk of # `` you ask them to stop , but they [ bypass ] the temperature check '' # ebola - our report from liberia/sierra leone border http : //bit.ly/1fi8be6 1 retweet 1 favorite “bye bye , liberia , ” juane cries out , as she flashes her identity card .
our report from bo waterside # how can we best learn from the `` flawed '' # twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup .
try again visit twitter status for more information .
close don’t miss any updates from ebola deeply new york , london , freetown .
trends trends tailored just for you .
trends offer a unique way to get closer to what you care about .
they are tailored for you based on your location and who you follow .
change go to a person 's profile saved searches retweet this to your followers ?
cancel are you sure you want to delete this tweet ?
cancel block add a location to your tweets when you tweet with a location , twitter stores that location .
you can switch location on/off before each tweet and always have the option to delete your location history .
with noaa as a model , india maps coastal sensitivity to oil spills they say that imitation is the sincerest form of flattery , which is why we were thrilled to hear about recent efforts in india to mirror one of noaa’s key oil spill planning tools , environmental sensitivity index maps .
a recent times of india article alerted us to a pilot study led by scientists at the national [ … ] arizona cardinals otas : justin bethel growing in confidence defensively he could be in the mix for being in the defensive rotation .
as of right now , it would appear that the cornerback rotation is pretty set .
between patrick peterson , antonio cromartie , jerraud powers and tyrann mathieu when he is healthy , there won’t likely be a lot of snaps to play .
but pro bowl special teams [ … ] teuvon kuvat -teuvo images tänään on varmaan yhtä hyvä päivä käydä kaupungissa siinä kuin joku muukin päivä .
en ole koskaan ennen joutunut kameraani huollattamaan , aina on ostettu uusi kun siltä on tunttunut .
käyttökamerana olen käyttänyt nikon d 200 kameraa , se on kuitenkin nyt tulossa käyttöikänsä päähän .
kaikkia pikkuvikoja siitä löytyy , harmillisin vika on kun se purkaa itsekseen yön aikana [ … ] dropbox has deleted a bunch of user files from the cloud bad news for some people who only live on the cloud : dropbox has confirmed that a bug in some older version of its dekstop app has deleted user files from the cloud .
good news : dropbox says that it’s restoring files where it can and is updating the bug .
more bad news : it can’t restore all [ … ] a look at the all-american prospects game roster in just three short weeks , some of the top us-born junior hockey players will converge on buffalo to participate in the ccm/usa hockey all-american prospects game .
this will be the third all-american prospects game in history and the second such event to be held in buffalo , with last year’s game held in pittsburgh at consol [ … ] do we finally know the name of a new star wars character ?
joss whedon says quicksilver and scarlet witch are “team ultron.” get the first look at jack black playing r.l .
and what under-the-radar projects do guillermo del toro and duncan jones have in the pipeline ?
plus , all the details of once upon a time‘s take on frozen and new doctor who set photos .
after sundown , the city of kennesaw’s 2014 outdoor movie series concludes with a free screening of the goonies ( rated pg ) .
event sponsors include [ … ]
should thomas eric duncan be prosecuted for bringing ebola to america ?
6 months ago join operation blessing’s u.s .
disaster relief team as they bring much needed relief in real time to people in crisis across the u.s. there’s so much we can do to stop the spread of ebola in west africa , where urgent help is needed most .
click the action box to learn about operation blessing’s efforts to combat the virus — first and foremost by educating people about how to prevent it and stop its spread .
and share this story to become the news !
evidently , airport authorities asked thomas eric duncan if he had been in contact with or cared for any ebola victims on a travel questionnaire before leaving for the u.s. the associated press confirmed with a government official that he answered “no , ” even though neighbors say he’d helped carry a woman into a taxi that later died of ebola just days before leaving .
now , he faces charges for allegedly lying on that form before leaving the country on september 18th .
it’s still unclear whether or not duncan knew of her fate before coming here , though it does raise an important question regardless : what if he was just trying to escape the place in which his neighbors were dying ?
the woman he carried to hospital died because she couldn’t get in .
there’s a serious shortage of medical facilities in liberia , and even those who do find a place are often no better off surrounded by other sick people .
perhaps duncan decided to make the trip regardless of the risk , knowing that if he did fall ill in america , he’d be taken care of .
certainly there’s no excuse for lying to government officials at the risk of spreading the disease , but it does speak to the hopelessness of the situation on the ground in liberia , and the desperate lengths people might go to escape it .
this story was written in collaboration with the associated press .
thursday , 11 december 2014 a new jerusalem in the heart of a dark satanic plague ?
during the last three weeks i had a clear image in my head of the days leading up to the opening of our little hospital in the bush .
this was a cross between the efficiency of a bmw factory and the happiness of the seven dwarves .
with joyful hearts and steeled muscles we would build this new jerusalem in the heart of the dark satanic plague .
inevitably , the reality is a little different .
our barren facility is a post-apocalyptic setting around which we wander dazed and confused under the burning african sun .
on the first day we are zombies , staggering from one empty shell of a building to another , overawed by the size of the task ahead of us , clueless about where to begin .
we have no water or food and by early afternoon everyone seems to have disappeared , retreat having been decided on as the best form of attack .
by the second day however , we begin to rebuild our civilisation from ground zero .
small groups of nurses cluster together and start to rehearse drills : admissions , drug rounds , rehydration , a collapsed , bleeding patient , a collapsed member of staff .
this is a complex adaptive system which is too difficult to design from the top down .
it needs to be built in small sections from the bottom up and then assembled in a final grand finale .
this empowerment of the staff brings relief and confidence after a couple of days of doubt and concern .
i think we can do this .
then again maybe we can’t .
i get the news from our logistician that we have no gloves , no masks and no surgical scrubs .
so maybe i’m a little gung-ho when it comes to pitching into battle with ebola , but a wafer-thin plastic apron feels a bit naked after all the ppe i have become accustomed to .
trucks of supplies continue to roll up in clouds of red dust from freetown , but finding what we need is a challenge .
searching for an iv cannula in a lorry-load of crates is literally and figuratively a needle in a haystack .
i call in the offer of help from the head of the uk task force and five minutes later have the promise of next day supplies by helicopter if necessary , and additional army logistical support to help us with the tsunami of supplies .
dfid are under a lot of political and media pressure back home , but in country they are guardian angels .
the news from the evening command and control meeting is not good .
moyamba town has managed to avoid ebola by strict security checks at every entrance point .
yesterday it had its first five cases .
the sierra leonean army has quickly sealed off the area for quarantine , but the ebola wolf is at the door and the urgency of our mission could not be greater .
captain fefegula ends the evening briefing with sombre words .
this is like a fight against terrorists and the warfare is asymmetric : every time we are attacked and send reinforcements , the enemy has melted away .
we must work harder , and the reward of our hard work will be more hard work .
valentine’s day ribbon placemat this simple and elegant valentine’s day dinner place-mat is a fun craft project that both kids and adults can do .
all you need is some of your favorite valentine’s day ribbon and a little time !
the finished product is so nice that this simple valentine’s day craft would really make a great valentine’s day gifts [ … ] valentine’s day glass painting many people love the look of stained glass , but hate the price tag .
stained glass takes precision cutting and assembly , and the price tag reflects the artistic abilities of the craftsman .
the average person does not have the tools , knowledge , or capability to do their own stained glass pieces .
but this doesn’t need to stop [ … ]
health professionals the spread of deadly ebola in west africa appears to be increasing and getting out of control , as a leading medical charity warns of over-stretched resources , and concerns are raised that it may spread to other continents .
meanwhile , european and american authorities suggest while the risk of spread is `` low , '' the situation remains volatile and requires constant vigilance .
experts suggest it is unlikely the ebola outbreak will spread to other continents .
as of 23 july 2014 , there have been over 1,200 reported cases of ebola virus disease in west africa , including 672 deaths , say the world health organization , making this the largest outbreak of ebola in history .
ebola virus disease - formerly known as ebola hemorrhagic fever - is one of the world 's most virulent diseases .
without medical care , as few as 1 in 10 patients are expected to survive .
severely ill patients require intensive , supportive care .
during an outbreak , those at higher risk of infection are health workers and family members , and any other individuals with close contact to infected people and the bodies of dead victims .
infection can be controlled through the use of protective techniques in clinics , in hospitals , in the home , and places where communities gather .
these require health care workers to be able to identify the infection and be trained in barrier nursing methods such as correct use of masks , gowns , gloves and goggles , as well as equipment sterilization , routine use of disinfectant , and making sure infected patients do not come into contact with unprotected individuals .
guinea seeing decline in cases , but rising in liberia and sierra leone in guinea , where the outbreak began in february 2014 , the number of cases has declined significantly , say doctors without borders ( msf ) .
however , in neighboring sierra leone and liberia , the virus appears to be infecting more and more people .
after receiving no reports of new cases for 21 days , msf has now closed its ebola treatment center in telimélé , in the west of guinea .
twenty-one infected people were admitted to the treatment center over the 7 weeks it was open .
seventy-five percent of them recovered , a rate that the charity describes as `` astonishing .
one of them is kent brantly , 33-year-old doctor and father-of-two from texas , who works for the charity samaritan 's purse .
the other is nancy writebol , 60-year-old mother-of-two from north carolina , who works as a missionary with serving in mission ( sim ) .
bruce johnson , president of sim usa , told the uk newspaper mailonline that both victims of the virus are entering a critical phase of their illness and they will know within the next few days if they are likely to survive .
charity warns of 'tsunami of destruction ' in liberia mr. johnson says the outbreak has the potential to become a `` tsunami of destruction for the country of liberia , '' and calls for the international community to respond , as charities become overwhelmed .
the situation is deteriorating rapidly in liberia , with cases of ebola now confirmed in seven counties , including in the capital , monrovia .
msf also reports that the situation is deteriorating rapidly in liberia , with cases of ebola now confirmed in seven counties , including in the capital , monrovia : `` there are critical gaps in all aspects of the response , and urgent efforts are needed to scale up , particularly in terms of contact tracing , organizing safe burials , and establishing a functioning alert system , '' they urge .
meanwhile , reuters reported on wednesday that liberian government officials say an isolation unit at elwa hospital in monrovia is so overrun with cases of ebola that health workers are having to treat up to 20 patients in their homes .
efforts to build another unit were at first resisted by the local community , highlighting the fear and mistrust toward health workers trying to battle the disease with a straining health system across west africa .
msf describe sierra leone as the current `` epicenter '' of the outbreak - with 454 cases recorded so far .
there are now 22 international and 250 sierra leone health workers currently dealing with the outbreak there .
likelihood of spread outside of west africa 'low ' reports that a man who arrived in nigeria from liberia by plane died of ebola infection has sparked fears that the outbreak will spread to other continents .
however , experts suggest this is unlikely .
in a press telebriefing on monday , dr. stephan monroe , deputy director of the national center for emerging zoonotic and infectious diseases at the us centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) , said there have been no reported cases of ebola in the us , and the `` likelihood of this outbreak spreading outside of west africa is very low .
as in the current outbreak , most people who become infected with ebola are those in close contact with people who have already caught the disease and are showing symptoms , he adds .
nevertheless , says dr. monroe , as people do travel between africa and the us , the american authorities still need to prepare for the possibility that a traveler sick with the virus will make their way into the country .
the cdc is sending out health alert notices to remind health care workers in the us how to prevent spread of ebola .
these notices urge health workers to take travel histories of their patients , know the symptoms of ebola ( headache , fever , weakness , joint and muscle aches , vomiting , diarrhea , stomach pain , lack of appetite and in some cases bleeding ) , know how to isolate a patient suspected of having the disease , and then follow precautions to prevent spread , and most importantly , avoid contact with blood and body fluids of any infected persons .
the european commission ( ec ) also assesses the current risk of ebola spreading to europe as low , since `` most cases are in remote areas in the affected countries and those who are ill or in contact with the disease are encouraged to remain isolated .
need to scale up international response the ec is allocating an additional €2 million to respond to the ebola epidemic in west africa , bringing the commission 's total aid to funding the fight against the current west african epidemic to €3.9 million .
teams of specialists from both the us and countries in europe have been deployed to the affected countries since the outbreak began .
they are helping humanitarian partners and local health authorities carry out assessments , assist with data collection and management , coordinate response , and provide health education .
however , kristalina georgieva , eu commissioner for international cooperation , humanitarian aid and crisis response , says , `` the level of contamination on the ground is extremely worrying and we need to scale up our action before many more lives are lost .
100 % de satisfação garantida uh oh ... unknown 0 can’t display all the features of our site .
may we suggest an alternative browser ?
because you won’t want to miss out on all this goodness .
zona franca de ebola grande tshirts pré- venda faça seu pedido de pré-venda hoje mesmo !
seu design será produzido e enviado assim que nossos fabricantes estiverem prontos para iniciar a produção .
sobre esse produto estilo : camiseta básica essa camiseta é confortável e casual .
uma peça de roupa considerada o coringa do seu armário .
confeccionada com 6.0 oz pre-shrunk e 100 % de algodão .
essa camisa veste bem qualquer pessoa .
as mangas e a cintura são cuidadosamente costuradas para reforçar a durabilidade .
we warned a week ago of the various possibilities surrounding an ebola outbreak in america , and today we get some degree of confirmation of a medical-based martial-law coming to the us. governor dan malloy has declared a public health emergency in connecticut , authorizing the “isolation of any individual reasonably believed to have been exposed to the ebola virus.” simply put , as we noted previously , the state of public health emergency allows bureaucrats to detain and force-vaccinate people without due process – despite not one single case being found in ct .
if there is a major ebola pandemic in america , all of the liberties and the freedoms that you currently enjoy would be gone. – zerohedge quarantine procedures and isolations are historically used when a health epidemic , or civil unrest , threatens the widespread stability of a state , city , or community .
in fact , the act of suspending parts of the constitution were done in the past by presidents during times to war , and in current times with the unlawful seizure of property by police departments without due process .
however , the ebola scare is far from being an epidemic , with to date only one person dying fromthe virus , and with that victim not even being a u.s. citizen .
compare that to the 36000 who died last year , and on average every year in america from simple influenza , and one has to wonder if the ebola crisis , like swine flue or avian flu , is more of a political creation than an actual raging epidemic .
connecticut has not had any deaths from ebola yet , nor have they even had any verifiable cases but that is not stopping the state government from suspending their citizens constitutional rights , and putting the entire population on notice that if you sneeze or cough , you could potentially be arrested , quarantined , and injected with vaccines or drugs you do not give permission for .
and just like the outcry for gun control after a couple of lone incidents at aurora and sandy hook , government’s rush for absolute control in times of any potential crisis is something that proves the lack of leadership residing throughout the country .
kenneth schortgen jr is a writer for secretsofthefed.com , examiner.com , and hosts the popular web blog , the daily economist . ken can also be heard wednesday evenings giving an weekly economic report on the angel clark radio show .
weowntv.org/donate/ebola-campaign/ filmmakers at weowntv and the sierra leone film council have produced a series of short video public service announcements ( psa’s ) for wide distribution on local television and radio to help sensitize the country about the current ebola disease epidemic .
we are working to duplicate and distribute dvds and vcds , translate the films into 8 local languages and air the films daily on tv , on sign africa billboards and via other non traditional outlets .
medical professionals reveal why south korean infected with ebola is being treated in germany jan. 3 , 2015 10:35am tweet this email this story to a friend berlin ( ap ) — a south korean medic exposed to ebola while working in west africa has been flown to germany for treatment because the patient’s anonymity would be better protected there , authorities in berlin said saturday .
doctors at berlin’s renowned charite hospital said the medic , who had worked for an aid group treating ebola patients in sierra leone , arrived in berlin saturday , five days after suffering an injury with a hypodermic needle .
this march 13 , 2014 file photo shows an outside view of the charite hospital in berlin , germany .
a member of a south korean medical team treating ebola patients in sierra leone has been flown to germany after suffering an injury with a hypodermic needle .
berlin’s renowned charite hospital said in a statement that the unidentified medic was taken to its special isolation unit saturday , jan. 3 , 2015 .
the hospital didn’t say whether an ebola infection had been confirmed in the patient .
dr. frank bergmann , who oversees the treatment of highly infectious patients at the charite hospital attends a news conference in berlin , germany , saturday , jan. 3 , 2015 .
a south korean medic exposed to ebola while working in west africa has been flown to germany for treatment because his or her anonymity would be better protected there , authorities in berlin said saturday .
bergmann said “the person wasn’t flown to south korea because the korean government asked europe step in.” ( ap photo/dpa , joerg carstensen ) ebola can be transmitted through bodily fluids and persons suspected of carrying the virus have been shunned in some countries by people fearful of infection .
experts say , however , that with proper precautions patients pose no risk to those around them .
the medic had been treating a delirious ebola patient on monday when the patient jolted , causing the needle on a blood-filled syringe to pierce the three plastic gloves the medic was wearing , said bergmann .
bergmann said the medic currently shows no symptoms of ebola , but the incubation period will last a further 16 days , during which the person will remain under close medical supervision .
should symptoms develop , doctors could provide experimental drugs and “with our european standards there should be a good prognosis , ” he added .
satisfacción total garantizada uh oh ... unknown 0 can’t display all the features of our site .
may we suggest an alternative browser ?
because you won’t want to miss out on all this goodness .
caja del teléfono del virus de ebola iphone 5 protectores pre ordenar ¡reserva hoy !
tu diseño se fabricará y se enviará en cuanto nuestros fabricantes estén listos para comenzar su producción .
estilo : iphone 5 estilo : funda para iphone 5/5s barely there de case-mate protege tu iphone 5/5s con una funda personalizable barely there de case-mate .
esta funda se adapta a la perfección a tu iphone 5/5s y protege la parte trasera y los bordes de tu dispositivo con una carcasa de plástico flexible y extrarresistente , que permite el acceso a todos los puertos y botones .
esta funda ligera está diseñada especialmente para el iphone 5 y el iphone 5s y es la mejor forma de presumir de estilo personalizado .
diseñada para el iphone 5/5s de apple .
funda de plástico duro resistente y ligera .
acceso a todos los puertos , controles y sensores .
us : immigrants from ebola countries won’t be sent home by : associated press | washington | published on : november 21 , 2014 4:46 am immigrants from the three countries at the center of west africa’s ebola crisis are being offered work permits and temporary protection from deportation .
us citizenship and immigration services says immigrants from sierra leone , guinea and liberia who have been living in the us illegally will be eligible for temporary protected status for up to 18 months .
the agency says eligible immigrants can apply for the protection starting friday through may 20 .
any immigrant from those three countries who was in the united states as of thursday is eligible for the protection program .
nurses and health care officials worry th ... with 30 years of treatment and containment of the ebola virus behind them , burwell said they knew to implement additional oversight to ensure those protocols were implemented this time .
one cdc epidemiologist was quoted as saying that the hospital was making up protocol on the fly treating thomas eric duncan .
the nurses have alleged that the lab specimens of thomas eric duncan , the ebola patient who died , were transported through the tube system instead of being separately sealed and delivered and thus could have potentially contaminated the entire system .
she assured they will improve upon any hospital protocols like they have in the past .
health officials recently praised both emory university hospital and nebraska medical center , where no health care workers were infected after treating five patients with the disease .
nevertheless , there is still a concern that despite some working procedures , there is a limit to the number of patients hospitals can treat .
currently there are only four hospitals that specialize in treating ebola , and while one -- the nebraska each of which with only a few beds .
while burwell did n't specifically address that issue , she said they are educating healthcare workers across the country to ensure important steps are taken , including monitoring a patient 's temperature and recording travel history .
october 2014 news about the ebola outbreak ebola hemorrhagic fever ( ebola hf ) index october 2014 news about the ebola outbreak oct. 31 , 2014 : the cdc added to confusion today by deleting the warnings that ebola can be spread by coughs , sneezes , or by droplets that land on hard surfaces .
currently , it is unclear why the cdc made these changes .
today canada stopped giving visas to people from west african countries with the ebola outbreak .
the state of maine obtained a 24-hour order restricting nurse kaci hickox 's movements after she repeatedly violated the state 's quarantine for medical workers who have treated ebola patients .
the state went to court thursday afternoon requiring a 3-foot buffer zone if she encounters individuals and banned her from public places .
hickox maintained her position that her rights were being violated by the state of maine 's restrictions and further suggested that risk-reduction measures like a 21-day quarantine would discourage volunteers going to west africa .
today , a judge ordered `` direct active monitoring , '' which includes coordinating travel with public-health officials and immediately notifying health authorities should symptoms appear .
nurse hickox told reporters this was `` a good compromise '' and that she would comply with direct active monitoring .
who assistant director-general bruce aylward seemed to be sending mixed messages about ebola in liberia .
on the one hand , who officials suggested that the number of reported cases have decreased ; however , the concern from the assistant director-general was that it was almost impossible to get accurate numbers and people had to understand that the numbers were only estimates and who had no place to accurately count those ebola-infected individuals who have not reported their disease .
currently , the who estimated there were 13,703 documented ebola-infected individuals and , of that number , 4,920 have died .
it was estimated that the hardest hit countries in africa were liberia , sierra leone , and guinea ; experts suggested that about 5,000 more health-care professionals were needed to help fight the epidemic .
however , because of the quarantine rules being set up in states like new jersey , maine , and other u.s. states , some volunteers were rethinking their plans .
for example , nbc news reported that international medical corps originally had 110 volunteers pledge to go to africa but about 18-20 of them were rethinking their situation and may withdraw .
typically , the organization asked for six weeks of volunteer 's time ; two weeks for training and four weeks for actual time in africa .
a number of volunteers were not sure they could afford to spend an additional three weeks under the restrictive guidelines ( quarantine ) now established by a number of u.s. states .
oct. 30 , 2014 : this morning , nurse kaci hickox decided to leave her current residence to take a bicycle ride with her boyfriend .
the police followed the two bike riders .
there has been no order for her arrest .
however , negotiations between hickox and maine have failed so gov .
paul lepage said he will `` exercise the full extent of his authority '' to keep hickox away from public places .
president obama supports those individuals who request a change in the quarantine methods for health-care professionals returning from west africa .
he thinks that strict quarantines will hinder people who want to help treat ebola-infected patients in africa .
there is some controversy according to the new york post about dr. spencer , who tested positive for ebola in new york city .
the newspaper alleges that he initially told investigators he had self-quarantined but then changed his story after investigators checked his credit card statement and information from a metro card used to pay for local new york city travel .
defense secretary chuck hagel said that number of troops that may undergo quarantine could reach a total of about 3,900 under the current plan .
reportedly , none of the troops had any contact with ebola-infected patients .
in contrast to nurse kaci hickox 's decision to fight her 21-day quarantine in maine , a texas nurse who has just returned agreed to her 21-day quarantine .
rick perry of texas said , `` in texas , we have a great tradition of welcoming our heroes back home , and this heroic individual deserves our appreciation , our compassion and our utmost respect .
state of louisiana officials sent a letter yesterday to the american society of tropical medicine and hygiene , which is holding its annual conference in new orleans next week .
the letter stated that anyone who has recently been to any of the west african countries where ebola is found should not attend the new orleans meeting .
last evening , california 's state public health director instituted a 21-day quarantine similar to that established in new jersey and maine for anyone arriving from an ebola-affected country who had contact with ebola-infected individuals .
oct. 29 , 2014 : kaci hickox , the nurse their return from west africa ( sierra leone ) and held in quarantine in new jersey by gov .
chris christie 's new rules , is now challenging her home state 's restriction .
she said she would not follow the guidelines in maine to self-quarantine at home until nov. 10 .
she said she is in good health and has had no symptoms and claims that maine 's guidelines were , in her opinion , unconstitutional and not based on science .
she previously threatened a lawsuit in new jersey and has continued to threaten a lawsuit if maine 's health officials try to enforce her 21-day isolation at home .
a state trooper was parked outside her house today .
a maine state official has suggested they will take action to ensure that the state of maine 's policy on quarantine is followed .
the nurse has stated that if the state 's quarantine restrictions are not lifted by thursday , she will go to court for her release from her current restrictions .
u.s. defense secretary chuck hagel has ordered that all military personnel who participated in ebola response missions in west africa would be held in a 21-day quarantine before returning to the u.s .
this order was signed this morning .
the defense secretary has also ordered the joint chiefs to develop a detailed implementation plan for review within 15 days and then a review of these new quarantine policies within 45 days .
after the review , the defense secretary and the military will determine if the quarantine on personnel will continue .
united nations health officials said that the data about ebola infections and deaths is so bad that authorities do n't know how fast the virus is spreading .
most clinicians and researchers agree that ebola needs to be stopped in africa to avoid exporting ebola infections to the rest of the world .
in liberia , the situation remains grim ; the lancet estimated that 20,000 people in liberia could be infected by november .
fortunately , senegal and nigeria have been declared ebola-free , but mali had its first imported case of ebola last week .
oct. 28 , 2014 : the 5-year-old admitted to a new york hospital with ebola-like symptoms was tested and found to be ebola-free .
today amber vinson , a nurse being treated at emory university for ebola , was shown to be ebola-free and is being discharged from the hospital .
the cdc released their newest guidelines about ebola concerning the monitoring and screening of individuals .
the cdc suggested that people would be placed into one of several categories : symptomatic individuals in the high- , medium- , or low-risk category , highest risk and asymptomatic , some risk but asymptomatic , and no direct contact and not symptomatic , and finally , those with no symptoms or identifiable risk category .
the details of these defined categories and the way they should be treated in terms of isolation monitoring are spelled out in detail at http : //www.cdc.gov/vhf/ebola/exposure/monitoring-and-movement-of-persons-with-exposure.html .
u.s. representative bob goodlatte , r-va. , has said he has received information from `` the administration '' that the united states is developing plans to bring non-u.s. citizens who have ebola to the u.s. for treatment .
he says he has contacted members in the administration , but no one has responded to his inquiries .
again , it is interesting to note that amber vinson , in her public appearance today after her discharge from emory university after undergoing successful ebola treatment , thanked many people , including dr. kent brantly and nancy writebol for their help ( serum donations ) .
however , when the physician in charge of ms. vinson was asked about her care , the physician only mentioned supportive-care techniques and not serum donation .
he also said intensive-care techniques such as intubation and dialysis could be done to help save ebola-infected individuals , but it was never made clear of the nine ebola patients treated in the u.s. how many had survived with only supportive techniques , how many required intubation and/or dialysis , and how many survived who had received immune serum .
although the complete medical records are not available to the public , apparently eight of the nine ebola patients treated in the u.s. received immune serum and the one that did not , thomas eric duncan , died .
the only patient whose treatment detail was made public was duncan 's ; he did receive dialysis and was also intubated .
the emory treating physician dr. bruce ribner indicated that he thought their current experience supported giving ebola-infected patients the chance at survival using dialysis and/or intubation .
he further went on to say that ebola needs to be stopped in africa .
what was not said is interesting because most of the west african countries have no ability to treat large numbers of patients with intubation and dialysis ; west african countries are having difficulty even giving supportive care such as fluid and electrolyte replacement .
however , west african countries do have one major item that is in very short supply in the u.s. -- ebola survivors with immune serum ( number of survivors in the u.s. is potentially eight while in west africa the potential number may range from about 2,500-5,000 ( not counting the survivors from prior ebola outbreaks ) .
currently , most scientists , pundits , and politicians finally agree on one point -- that is , the ebola outbreak in west africa needs to be slowed and/or stopped to help africans and to prevent the worldwide spread of ebola .
although a sample size of nine patients is extremely low , it seems that the success rate ( survival rate ) has been high ( 88 % ) .
most people would agree that stopping eight of nine ebola infections would be better than the current success rate ( survival rate ) of about three to five of every 10 people infected ( 30 % -50 % ) with ebola in west african countries .
army maj. gen. darryl williams and about 10 other personnel are in a 21-day quarantine in italy after being in west africa for approximately 30 days .
they were met by italian authorities dressed in `` full cdc gear '' when the plane landed although there is no indication that any of the military personnel had any symptoms of ebola .
about another 30 military personnel will join them in quarantine on wednesday .
this precautionary measure far exceeds today 's new cdc recommendations .
oct. 27 , 2014 : doctors treating the physician , dr. craig spencer , said he is better today than yesterday and he is in serious but stable condition .
according to the team taking care of him , he tolerated the immune serum treatment well .
again , dr. spencer 's treatment with immune serum obtained from nancy writebol , an ebola survivor , raises the recurrent question about why this technique is not being used as part of a larger-scale treatment plan in africa to halt or slow the spread of ebola and save african lives .
who authorities in mali confirmed the first death from ebola .
a 2-year-old girl died from the disease .
more than 40 people who were in contact with this child have been quarantined .
unfortunately , the child traveled through mali on a 600-mile journey while symptomatic .
the 2-year-old 's mother died in guinea a few weeks ago , so the child was being transported to mali to be with relatives .
the controversy about time and type of quarantine rages on ; new york 's governor cuomo decided to modify new york 's policy and allow health-care professionals returning from west africa to stay at home and monitor their temperature and report any symptoms if they arise .
a 5-year-old boy who returned home from guinea on saturday is under observation at new york city 's bellevue hospital ; he has not been diagnosed with ebola , but he has experienced a 103 f fever .
it is not clear yet if the child had been exposed to any ebola-infected people while in guinea .
the new jersey health department officials have decided to let the nurse held in quarantine go back to her home state , maine .
she has tested negative twice for ebola .
the u.s. army personnel who have returned to italy from a month 's tour in west africa will be monitored for 21 days at a military installation in a controlled environment in vicenza , italy .
currently , none of the military personnel have any fevers or other symptoms of ebola .
this quarantine is more like one established by new jersey and does not follow the quarantine recommendations made by the cdc .
the military said it is using an abundance of caution in using `` controlled monitoring .
oct. 26 , 2014 : dr. craig spencer , the doctor who came down with ebola while in new york , developed further symptoms ( gi complaints and diarrhea ) , and as a consequence , the doctors treating him have given him a transfusion of blood plasma from nancy writebol , a health-care worker who survived ebola infection after she , too , had received blood plasma from a survivor of ebola .
what many people do n't understand is why doctors in the u.s. are able to treat ebola-infected patients with serum from ebola survivors and there is no effort that has been publicly stated or no plan in place to utilize serum in africa .
this question has not been addressed by the cdc .
the pentagon reports that a thriving black market for `` blood '' exists and is adding to the chaos in west africa .
the obama administration has put pressure on the governors of new york and new jersey to reverse their decision about quarantining medical workers returning from west africa .
however , both governors ( andrew cuomo of new york and chris christie of new jersey ) said that federal guidelines were not enough to protect their citizens .
the first person to be quarantined under these new state provisions is kaci hickox , a nurse who has returned from sierra leone .
she has no symptoms , but she is being kept under quarantine and considers her current condition as `` inhumane '' and plans to legally challenge the quarantine status .
the states of illinois and florida announced today that they plan to institute policies similar to those established by new york and new jersey .
public-health experts and the cdc do not recommend the stricter measures and still suggest such strict measures could actually harm the effort to control ebola infections in west africa and suggest the measures are `` draconian .
oct. 25 , 2014 : the world health organization ( who ) released statistics that indicate that 10,141 documented individuals have been infected with ebola in eight countries through oct. 23 , 2014 .
there have been 4,922 deaths -- a current death rate of 48.5 % .
three countries , guinea , liberia , and sierra leone account for most of the deaths ( 4,912 out of 10,114 ebola-infected individuals ) .
officials from who speculated that the true death rate may be much higher because many deaths in these countries are not reported .
they suggest the numbers of deaths be multiplied by a factor of 1.5 in guinea , a factor of 2 in sierra leone , and by a factor of 2.5 in liberia , resulting in a combined death rate of about 70 % .
andrew cuomo and new jersey gov .
chris christie have decided to increase quarantine requirements for all health workers returning to the united states from countries where they have treated ebola-infected patients .
chris christie went on to say that he believes the strict requirements of legal quarantine can help protect the public ; in addition , because he says the cdc requirements keep changing , he believes that new york and new jersey will be the leaders in establishing stricter quarantine requirements .
oct. 24 , 2014 : dr. craig spencer , who had been working with doctors without borders to help ebola-infected patients , has been diagnosed with ebola .
he had decided to self-monitor his temperature twice a day upon his return to new york city .
after traveling on the subway from manhattan to brooklyn wednesday night and then after going bowling , he took a taxi home .
thursday morning , he developed a fever of 100.3 f and diarrhea ; consequently , he phoned new york health authorities .
after authorities isolated him , hazmat-suited ems workers brought him to bellevue hospital in new york ( the designated ebola-treatment hospital ) , and his apartment was sealed off .
workers distributed informational flyers about the disease to nearby residents .
after talking with dr. spencer , three other individuals who had close contact with him were quarantined for 21 days ( none have symptoms now ) .
this morning , new york governor andrew cuomo and new york city health commissioner dr. mary travis bassett said dr. spencer had no symptoms while traveling on the subway so it was highly unlikely that dr. spencer was contagious .
testing done on dr. spencer has confirmed that he is infected with the ebola virus .
one of the first questions posed by reporters trying to interview hospital staff was the following : will dr. spencer receive immune serum and/or any experimental antivirals during his care ?
the question was not answered yet .
nurse nina pham has been declared ebola-virus free and is scheduled to be taken out of isolation and may be released from the hospital today .
ebola has now reached another african country , mali .
officials in mali announced detecting its first ebola infection in a 2-year-old girl visiting mali from guinea .
paul allen , a microsoft billionaire , pledged $ 100 million to help control the spread of ebola in africa .
the who ( world health organization ) and others have announced that some experimental vaccines may be offered to health professionals on the front lines in west africa in december 2014 .
in addition , one or more different vaccines may be available in `` several hundred thousand doses '' by mid-2015 and millions of doses available by the end of 2015 .
the who has no plans for mass vaccinations before june 2015 , but such plans could change .
the ongoing phase-one trials are about halfway done , and so far , the experimental vaccine seems safe according to available data .
today , nursing associations called for a national mandate be considered for care of ebola-infected patients .
they are urging the government to pass legislation to define this national standard for care in any hospital that receives and cares for ebola-infected patients so that health-care professionals , like doctors , nurses , technicians , nurse 's aides and other workers , are not exposed to this disease .
oct. 23 , 2014 : forbes reports that every patient taken to an elite ( certified ) facility has survived ebola infection .
essentially , five of six patients have survived for a survival rate of 83.3 % , which is far better than in africa .
besides being in an elite facility , at least four of the five u.s. survivors were treated with immune serum .
there is no report on the fifth survivor getting serum , but it may be possible that they did .
the sixth patient who died , mr. duncan , was reportedly not given immune serum because no blood type immune serum was available .
it would seem useful to determine all of the possible variables and similarities in treatment and care protocols that allowed such a successful 83.3 % survivor rate .
bentley , the dog that is quarantined because its owner , ms. pham , became infected with ebola , has had tests for ebola infection .
to date , all of the tests are negative for the virus .
health officials are trying to establish a protocol for pets exposed to ebola-infected owners .
yesterday , nine people in connecticut who may have been exposed to ebola have been ordered to stay at home for 21 days .
these people were reportedly associated with travelers from west africa .
oct. 22 , 2014 : amber vinson , the second nurse who became ebola-infected after treating mr. duncan in dallas , was tested and appears to be virus free .
this was determined for the first time late tuesday evening .
in addition , the nbc cameraman , ashoko mukpo , who was treated in nebraska for ebola is also virus free .
the hospital spokesperson said , `` we are not sure what made them better .
we are just glad he 's better .
mukpo said the following to the nbc reporters , `` thank you to dr. kent brantly , whose generous blood donation played a pivotal role in my recovery .
et the new england journal of medicine will present a live audio webcast to discuss and answer questions about the ebola outbreak .
a panel of doctors will discuss the current outbreak and be available to answer questions .
individuals can log in at the following site : http : //events.nejm.org/ebola , and those who would like to submit questions to the experts can email their questions to the following address : webcast @ nejm.org .
new aviation requirements are now placed on individuals from liberia , sierra leone , and guinea .
any travelers from those countries to the u.s. have to go through one of five airports that have enhanced screening and additional resources to handle anyone suspected of having ebola .
the airports are new york 's john f. kennedy international airport , newark liberty international airport , chicago o'hare international airport , washington dulles international airport , and hartsfield-jackson atlanta international airport .
these new airport measures stemmed from congressional demands for flight or visa bans from countries where ebola is not under control .
rwanda , an east african country without ebola-infected people , has decided to screen all visitors from the united states and spain since these two countries have reported ebola that has been transferred person to person .
suppliers of personal protective equipment ( ppe ) are indicating they have received so many requests that they are backlogged and are adding staff meet the demand .
nbc cameraman ashoka mukpo , who was infected with ebola in africa , is now considered ebola free and is allowed to leave the nebraska hospital that cared for him .
while this is good news , a report from the newark airport has indicated that a passenger who flew flight 998 ( united airlines ) had a fever and because he was a liberian national and had traveled from liberia to brussels and then from brussels to the u.s. , he was isolated and taken by ambulance to university hospital in newark , new jersey .
it is not known yet if this individual is infected with ebola or what will be required of passengers on united airlines flight 998 .
he also mingled with people at the airport .
an insurer , ace limited , reportedly may exclude ebola coverage from some of its general liability policies .
it is unclear if they can make this change and likely can not make the change retroactive .
late tuesday ( oct. 21 , 2014 ) , an official from the world health organization stated that tens of thousands of doses of an experimental ebola vaccine could be made available for `` real-world '' testing in west africa if ongoing studies show the vaccine is safe .
rick perry of texas announced that the methodist health system in richardson , texas , and another hospital , university of texas medical branch at galveston would be two centers that would be equipped , designed , and staffed by experts who would be able to treat ebola-infected patients .
ut southwestern medical center will provide the physicians while parkland hospital system will provide pharmacists , nurses , and lab technicians for these specialized isolation units .
oct. 21 , 2014 : according to the world health organization ( who ) , one of their goals is to launch vaccine trials in west africa by january .
dr. marie paule-kieny , an assistant director-general at who , said it will be impossible to get sick with ebola from the vaccines because they do not contain all of the virus ' genetic material .
who officials are considering testing experimental antiviral ebola drugs on patients located in treatment centers in sierra leone , guinea , and liberia .
however , there is some debate as to whether to use placebos as controls .
medical ethicists suggest it may be unethical to withhold potential treatments for a disease with a 50 % mortality rate .
the mother of the second nurse who became infected with ebola says that her daughter , ms. vinson , is doing ok but is very weak .
the newest cdc guidelines issued oct. 20 , 2014 , are now available at the following site : http : //www.cdc.gov/media/releases/2014/fs1020-ebola-personal-protective-equipment.html .
according to the cdc , these revised guidelines are centered on three principles .
the principles as written by the cdc are as follows : all health-care professionals should undergo rigorous training and be practiced and competent with ppe ( personal protective equipment ) , including taking it on and off in a systemic manner .
there is no skin exposure when ppe is worn .
all workers are supervised by a trained monitor who watches each worker taking ppe on and off .
for additional details , please see the above link to the cdc .
although the cdc based these new guidelines on those practices used in africa , some researchers suggest that although decontamination of ppe with an approved disinfectant is listed , it should be emphasized .
although some researchers and other individuals , including workers in africa , have encouraged use of immune serum to help slow or stop ebola hemorrhagic fever , the cdc and who have not responded to inquiries about using this experimental approach , already tried on several patients in the u.s. oct. 20 , 2014 : this evening , after being highly criticized for not having good enough precautions/protocols for treating ebola-infected patients , the cdc reported updated ebola guidelines .
three major points will be stressed in these new guidelines .
first , anyone who is going to treat an ebola–infected patient must undergo competency training that includes how to put on and take off appropriate barrier equipment .
second , no one will treat an ebola-infected patient without a `` buddy '' to help make sure no contamination takes place .
third , the barrier material donned by a health-care professional needs to cover all skin and hair so that the health-care professional 's body can not come in contact with contaminated bodily fluids .
dr. nancy snyderman , a medical correspondent for nbc news , while covering the ebola crisis came in contact with her nbc cameraman who became positive for ebola .
the cameraman , ashoka mukpo , is being treated for ebola in the nebraska medical center and is doing well , but dr. snyderman has a problem .
although she has shown no signs of ebola , there was a lapse in her quarantine and the explanation of the quarantine lapse was not clear .
apparently , she and some other nbc employees under quarantine went to a restaurant to order food .
it was not clear who went into the restaurant to order food for takeout but since they were supposedly under quarantine , many people have thought that dr. snyderman 's participation has caused them to lose trust in her as a medical reporter .
dallas health officials have released 43 individuals after 21 days and further stated that these people are `` ebola-free .
this morning ( 01:00 est ) , 43 people are now longer under quarantine in dallas .
some researchers suggest that 31 days in quarantine should be done ; however , 21 days is the current cdc recommendation .
there is some medical and political controversy existing about the length of time needed for quarantine .
see , for example , the new results just published by the who ebola response team report in the new england journal of medicine 371.16 oct. 16 , 2014 : 1481-1495 .
note especially figure 3 on page 1492 showing a time between exposure and disease onset that suggests 21 days .
nigeria , the african country with the highest population , has been declared `` ebola-free '' by the who .
it had eight confirmed ebola-infected patients who died , but by using isolation techniques , nigeria contained and then stopped the outbreak .
the country has had no new ebola infections for 42 days .
oct. 19 , 2014 : a defense department official reported that the military is forming a 30-man team made up of five doctors , 20 nurses , and five trainers who will be under orders to deploy within 72 hours inside the u.s. to respond to help requests for aid in caring for ebola-infected patients .
in good news , teresa romero , the spanish nurse who was the first person infected by ebola outside of africa , has tested negative for ebola viruses .
she will be able to leave the hospital if the second test is also negative .
an nbc article that reviewed how `` entrepreneurs '' who want to make money off of the ebola global crisis operate indicates that individuals have figured a way to profit from the ebola crisis .
the world health organization ( who ) report that a black market now exists that sells blood from ebola survivors to `` clients .
a number of africans , who have been exposed to ebola but never even developed symptoms , have antibodies in their blood against ebola have been reported .
the entrepreneurs have made the logical connection of using a survivor 's serum ( like dr. brantly 's serum was used in the u.s. ) to sell a product advertised to protect and/or treat others who are or may become infected with ebola .
ebola is giving africa a bad name ; even citizens in many african countries that do not have any ebola outbreak are complaining that non-african countries are avoiding contact and commerce from almost all african countries .
business travelers to african countries seem especially hard-hit with hotel and conference cancelations .
the carnival cruise ship with the lab worker who processed mr. duncan 's blood has docked in galveston , texas .
the lab technician who has been in isolation on the ship will be transported to university of texas medical branch ( utmb ) at galveston .
to date , the laboratory worker has shown no signs of infection by ebola .
tests on the lab worker are negative for ebola .
oct. 18 , 2014 : university of texas medical branch at galveston ( utmb ) will be able to destroy medical waste from the dallas hospital that has treated ebola patients .
utmb is the only licensed facility in texas capable of receiving and incinerating biohazard materials .
un members have begun training ebola survivors to help respond to the need for healt-care professionals to take care of ebola-infected patients in africa .
ebola survivors lived through the infection and are now immune to the disease .
these ebola survivors know the native language and their culture ; they also may offer some patients hope since they are ebola survivors .
documents were produced by the texas state health agency in dallas county to suggest restrictions be placed on the dozens of health-care professionals who treated the ebola victim , mr. thomas duncan .
they were being asked to follow for 21 days the agency suggestions to not to go to restaurants , grocery stores , movie theaters , or the places where members of the public congregate .
they were not to travel by airplane , ship , train , or other modes of commercial transportation .
oct. 17 , 2014 : the pentagon shut down a building entrance in part of a car parking area after a woman became sick and told police she was in liberia two weeks earlier .
she was on a shuttle bus that was taking guests to a marine corps ceremony .
passengers on the bus were advised to take their temperatures twice daily for the next 21 days .
dr. peter piot , the virologist who co-discovered ebola virus in 1976 , said that the west african outbreak was an avoidable crisis .
he called on the international community , especially the european nations , to ramp up against the virus .
an additional problem has developed concerning the second nurse , ms. vinson , and her travel to cleveland , ohio , by airplane .
she now indicates that during her stay she did n't feel well but did not have fever that met the criteria for ebola infection .
however , frontier airlines are contacting about 800 passengers that later flew on the same plane that returned her to dallas on oct. 13 .
frontier airlines said they have washed out the aircraft multiple times and have replaced seat covers in the general vicinity of where the nurse sat during the flight .
the people being contacted were on the same plane that completed other flights after the stop in dallas .
in a related story , a technician who handled specimens in the laboratory that processed mr. duncan 's blood ( texas presbyterian hospital ) is on a cruise ship , currently in belize and has decided to remain in her cabin until the ship returns even though she has had no symptoms of ebola .
she may have been exposed about 19 days ago and is likely not to be infected with ebola , but she is taking no chances now that travel restrictions have been discussed in detail .
mexico refused to let the boat dock because of their concerns over ebola infections .
president obama has decided to place former vp chief of staff ron klain as `` czar '' or the single person responsible for coordinating ebola-related problems in the u.s. and abroad .
there is some concern that he has no medical background .
oct. 16 , 2014 : one question that is being asked now is the following : is 21 days enough time to ensure the patient does not have ebola ?
the question is being asked because a new research paper that has studied past ebola outbreaks suggests that about 12 % of infected patients may not show symptoms until as late as 31 days after initial exposure .
yesterday , the second nurse infected with ebola , amber vinson , was taken from dallas to emory university for care .
when she was in cleveland , ohio , she contacted the cdc about taking a flight back to dallas and she was not told that she could not fly because her temperature was only 99.6 f. consequently , some schools in cleveland and in dallas are closed because some students were on the same flight with ms. vinson .
it is unclear if ms. vinson had any symptoms during the flight , but frontier airlines has indicated the plane had been cleaned several times before they were notified about their passenger , ms. vinson .
today , nina pham , the first nurse who was infected after caring for mr. duncan , was taken from the dallas hospital and transported by private air to the bethesda , md. , hospital specifically certified to care for ebola patients .
political hearings lasted about three hours today where multiple individuals ( dr. frieden , dr. fauchi , and several others ) were subjected to many questions about the readiness of hospitals and other institutions to identify , isolate , diagnose , and treat ebola-infected individuals coming to the united states .
a central theme of the questions centered on preventing flights that may carry ebola patients to the u.s. ; the questioners were concerned that we would get more and more ebola-infected patients if flights were not canceled because even the screening techniques ca n't identify those patients who are infected but have no symptoms yet .
the cdc officials strongly suggested such flight cancelations would not be very useful and in fact may encourage other people to come to the united states and the u.s. officials would have no way of tracking or monitoring them .
the cdc officials and the politicians agreed that at least one major step in preventing further ebola spread is to concentrate on reducing the spread of the disease in african countries .
brianna aguirre , a nurse who was working in the hospital area where mr. duncan was located , decided she would become a whistleblower and was interviewed by cnn reporters .
she indicated that the situation seemed chaotic and many times she noted that isolation procedures were violated ; she also mentioned the lack of clear protocols , both from the cdc representatives and managerial hospital personnel .
she also stated that their isolation gear did not cover all of the skin , particularly the skin on the neck .
according to `` usa today , '' president obama issued an executive order that allowed the pentagon to call up reserve troops to combat the ebola crisis in africa .
in addition , the president suggested he may appoint an ebola `` czar '' to oversee this ongoing problem in both africa and the u.s. oct. 15 , 2014 : at about 4 a.m. this morning , the texas department of state health services announced that a second nurse who provided care to the deceased mr. duncan tested positive for ebola .
this is the second health-care professional at texas health presbyterian hospital to become infected after caring for an ebola-infected patient .
yesterday , cdc director dr. tom frieden said that he believes that the cdc acted too slowly and should 've sent in a team of experts immediately and possibly prevented the first nurse from getting ebola .
today , a lot of pressure is being placed on the cdc and the hospital to transparently present how mr. duncan was treated to expose all possible breaches of protocol .
the cdc is trying to identify any contacts or potential exposures in the dallas community by the second female nurse diagnosed with ebola ; decontamination of her living quarters has already been started this morning .
the nurse diagnosed with ebola today , amber vincent , reportedly flew to cleveland and then returned to dallas on frontier airlines flight 1143 on oct. 13 .
during the flight , she reported having no symptoms , but the following day she developed symptoms .
cdc officials are currently trying to contact everyone on that flight .
the nurse is being transported from dallas to emory university for care , since it is one of the four hospitals in the united states certified to take care of infectious-disease cases like ebola .
today , cdc officials said that individuals like ms. vincent , who was one of the nurses under observation , should not have taken the flights to and from cleveland .
officials urged individuals who were under observation not to take public transportation nor airline flights as their protocol recommends .
there are reports that nurses from texas health presbyterian hospital have called in anonymously to nursing agencies with their comments on the situation at texas health presbyterian .
they indicated that early in the treatment of mr. duncan , there were no protocols that were clearly followed and many people who were caring for mr. duncan never followed strict isolation techniques until a head nurse demanded isolation techniques be used by anyone coming in contact with mr. duncan .
they also claimed that biohazard materials were not properly disposed of .
infectious-disease experts this morning on television said that such a situation , if true , severely damages the public 's confidence in both the cdc 's reassurances and in the care that is given to ebola-infected patients at texas health presbyterian hospital .
when health and human services secretary sylvia burwell was asked this morning on nbc 's `` today '' show if she had confidence in the dallas hospital or whether ebola-infected patients should be treated in specialized hospitals , she said she intends to keep all options and considerations open for now .
in addition , this morning , cnn presented audio information by nurses and summarized by a nursing union representative that allegedly provides a verbal record that is deeply concerning and disturbing about the `` lack of protocols '' and the disregard for isolation techniques and hazmat removal of potentially infected waste that repeatedly occurred during the first day ( s ) when mr. duncan was admitted to the dallas hospital .
as previously mentioned , there are only four hospitals in the united states certified to treat aggressive infections like ebola .
unfortunately , the total bed count is only 18 and , because of the intensive care needed by an ebola infected patient , at least one of the major hospitals says they can only competently care for two infected patients at a time .
chairman of the joint chiefs of staff general martin e. dempsey was interviewed by reporters about his concern about the military troops and their potential exposure to ebola virus in africa .
he considers this outbreak as a threat to national security and is further concerned that the virus may mutate .
however , experts cite the hiv virus , that has not mutated to become airborne over many years , as an example why they deem it unlikely that ebola virus will mutate so substantially as to become an airborne transmissible virus .
following in the footsteps of bill gates , yesterday facebook founder mark zuckerberg and his wife donated $ 25 million to the cdc foundation to help fight the ebola outbreak in africa .
oct. 14 , 2014 : cdc director dr. frieden held a press conference this afternoon and indicated that a team is meeting with the dallas health-care professionals to come up with ways to improve safety for those who are taking care of ebola patients .
although there may be multiple small measures that can be improved , dr. frieden cited three main areas of emphasis .
first will be site managers or individuals who are trained to assist and check health-care professionals as they both put on and take off isolation clothing .
the isolation protocol is most easily breached during these are two important steps .
the second item they can improve is training and retraining of health-care professionals about how to interact with ebola infected patients .
the third step is to have only a limited number of well-trained staff who can interact with an ebola-infected patient .
dr. frieden further said that he plans to send cdc response teams of experts within a few hours to any hospital that has an identified ebola-infected patient .
in a question-and-answer session , dr. frieden indicated that the initial 48 people identified as having contact with the deceased mr. duncan are all doing well and show no signs of infection .
he indicated that the nurse who became infected in dallas had one close interaction with a non-health-care person but unfortunately had interactions with 76 health professionals .
all of these individuals are being monitored , and if any show signs of infection , they will be placed in isolation .
dr. frieden also indicated that he expects almost any hospital emergency department to be able to diagnose a potential ebola-infected patient especially if they follow cdc recommendations , which include a travel history to an african country where ebola infections are not well controlled ( guinea , liberia , and sierra leone ) .
dallas health officials mentioned that the nurse 's condition has not changed and the nurse 's dog is also under observation .
the world health organization ( who ) predicts that there could be about 5,000-10,000 new cases of ebola a week in guinea , liberia , and sierra leone by the end of december .
who assistant director-general dr. bruce aylward said he anticipated numbers could be a little higher or lower , but these are the projected figures .
who officials suggest that to decrease the rate of infection , it hopes to isolate 70 % of ebola-infected patients and to have 70 % of ebola victims safely buried before or on dec. 1 .
however , who officials said this would be a very difficult goal to achieve .
today , a survey that questioned nurses about their level of preparedness for taking care of ebola patients suggested that only about 15 % of nurses have received additional training where they were allowed to pose questions and obtain answers about self-protection when treating ebola-infected patients .
most nurses claim they have been referred to cdc web sites that list current isolation procedures to be taken when caring for an ebola-infected patient .
many nurses think that they are not adequately prepared or trained to care for these patients .
in germany , a 56-year-old united nations health-care professional died while he was being treated for ebola .
he is one of three ebola-infected patients sent to germany .
the other two patients are in isolation and are still being treated .
because at least two people ( one in spain and now another in dallas , texas ) have become infected with ebola virus even though they were wearing full protective gear , these infections have generated at least two questions in many people 's minds .
the questions are as follows : has this ebola virus mutated into a super pathogen , and will ebola mutate into something even more devastating in the weeks and months to come ?
scientists like dr. pardis sabeti , a geneticist at harvard , and others who have studied ebola viruses suggest that current ebola viruses have not evolved into some kind of super pathogen and it is unlikely they will become more devastating in the weeks and months to come .
the scientists base their responses on their genetic studies of these viruses .
oct. 13 , 2014 : there is finally some potentially good news about ebola infections .
this afternoon , the canadian-developed ebola vaccine began undergoing its first human clinical trial .
it has begun in maryland today to assess the vaccine safety , it 's dosage , and the human immunological responses to the vaccine .
this vaccine was developed at the public health agency of canada 's national microbiology laboratory .
twenty healthy volunteers will receive the vaccine at the walter reed army institute of research in silver spring , maryland .
this phase 1 trial should be completed in december .
this vaccine has been shown to be 100 % effective in preventing ebola infections in animal experiments .
if the phase 1 studies are successful , the next stage would be testing the vaccine in larger populations , including those individuals in west africa with ebola infections .
the nbc cameraman , mr. mukpo , with ebola is doing better ; the nebraska medical center facility is one of the major hospitals in the u.s. that is considered as best equipped and has regular training in isolating and treating aggressive infectious diseases like ebola .
this hospital and several others are being discussed as `` centers '' where ebola-infected patients should be transferred for care .
however , there are no current rules or methods that would facilitate such transfers .
dr. sanjay gupta , reporting for cnn , showed how easy it was to become contaminated even while following the cdc isolation protocols .
apparently , in his demonstration , the most likely time isolation protocols could be inadvertently broken was during removal of the gown , gloves , and mask after treating an ebola patient .
the demonstration substituted chocolate syrup for bodily fluids so it was easy to see where the `` syrup contamination '' happened .
nina pham , the 26-year-old nurse who became ebola-positive while giving care to mr. duncan , was treated with serum provided by an ebola survivor , dr. kent brantly , who has donated his serum to three other ebola-infected individuals .
currently , ms. pham 's condition is listed as `` clinically stable .
he hopes that the cdc and/or dallas health officials can figure out the best way to avoid any protocol breaks .
he further said that the protocols have proven safe for health-care professionals for decades .
today , the world health organization called the ebola outbreak `` the most severe , acute health emergency seen in modern times .
although the cdc said that the waste had been appropriately inactivated because it was incinerated and no longer infectious , caldwell said there are `` too many unknowns at this point '' and suggested that it was ridiculous to transport potentially hazardous ebola waste across state lines and further pointed out that the cdc had not done any post-incineration testing of the incinerated belongings .
the cdc will conduct a nationwide training conference call on tuesday for health-care professionals and announced that on oct. 21 , the cdc will cosponsor training for 5,000 health-care professionals that will be streamed live to u.s. hospitals .
during this latest ebola outbreak , one in 20 ebola-infected people is a health-care professional .
oct. 12 , 2014 : the cdc confirmed that the preliminary tests were correct and that a nurse who was caring for mr. duncan is now the first confirmed person-to-person transmission of ebola in the u.s. president barack obama stated that he wants federal authorities to ensure that the american medical system is ready to follow correct protocols in dealing with ebola-infected patients .
this announcement came after the president was briefed about the first reported case in the u.s. of transmission of ebola to a health-care professional .
a person ( nurse ) who had “extensive contact” during the hospital care of mr. duncan tested preliminarily positive for ebola .
concern was raised because this worker used the procedures in place to prevent infection .
the cdc and texas medical authorities are now investigating how a “breach” in the barrier protocols or equipment allowed this transmission and infection to occur .
cdc director dr. frieden and dr. david lakey , commissioner , texas department of state health services , held a joint news conferenceon on this topic .
dr. frieden warned that additional people may be diagnosed in in the next few days .
cdc officials further urged hospitals to undergo “ebola drills.” all contacts with the infected nurse are being identified currently .
dallas city officials have sent out information about ebola to residents in the apartment complex where the nurse who is ebola-infected resides .
in addition , the same information about ebola was sent to residents located within about a four-block area that surround the apartment .
the nurse 's dog will not be euthanized but is in a “new location” while the nurse is being treated .
oct. 11 , 2014 : a review of mr. duncan 's medical record 's while he was in the emergency department the first time and later discharged revealed he developed a fever of 103 f that perhaps should have triggered a re-evaluation of his condition .
the hospital , texas health presbyterian hospital , have now made procedural changes as they continue to re-evaluate mr. duncan 's care .
the united nations special envoy assigned to ebola said that because the number of ebola-infected patients is doubling every three to four weeks , without global commitments to stop the disease , `` the world will have to live with the ebola virus forever .
texas politicians have suggested that a least two other airports , dallas/fort worth and houston international , be included in the airports scheduled to screen for potentially ebola-infected patients .
in a related statement , health officials state that individuals like mr. duncan who have not developed symptoms will not be discovered by these airport screening methods .
oct. 10 , 2014 : yesterday , global health officials published a `` reproduction number '' that estimates about how many other people will catch the ebola virus for each person infected ; they estimated the number to be one and a half to two .
statistically , the ebola epidemic will begin to decline when this reproduction number falls below one .
unfortunately , ebola cases in west africa continue to double about every three weeks so the reproduction number is not going down .
on a flight from philadelphia to the dominican republic , an american airlines passenger sneezed and then joked that he had ebola .
he allegedly said , `` i have ebola .
the hazmat crew eventually removed the man from the flight .
the dallas deputy who was thought to have been exposed to ebola has tested negative for the virus .
in spain , the nurse assistant mrs. romero , is reported to be very ill and is at risk for death ; in addition , seven more people who had association with mrs. romero are now being monitored in the hospital for signs of ebola infection .
british officials announced that some british airports will begin screening passengers who arrive from areas where ebola is present .
the details of the screening methodology is not yet been published .
today , the who announced that over 4,000 people have died from ebola infection .
yesterday , six air force planes landed in monrovia , liberia , with supplies to help combat the current ebola outbreak .
the military personnel aboard these planes were some of the first of the approximately 4,000 individuals who are being sent by the u.s. to help limit or contain the disease .
they are scheduled to complete 17 stations to treat patients with ebola .
military personnel are trained in isolation techniques and they , in turn , will train local medical personnel to protect themselves and at the same time learn to give aid to those infected with ebola .
oct. 9 , 2014 : yesterday in dallas , there was concern that a dallas county deputy may have been exposed to ebola ; the deputy was complaining of some symptoms .
the deputy was placed in isolation , and this morning , oct. 9 , the deputy 's condition was good with no fever , vomiting , diarrhea , or other problems reported .
lab testing results on the deputy are expected later today ; the deputy had no direct contact with mr. duncan , who died of ebola infection yesterday , and officials believe there is a very low probability that the deputy is infected .
however , the deputy did accompany health officials into the dallas apartment where mr. duncan was previously staying .
treating an ebola-infected person can be costly in the united states .
the bill for treating thomas duncan in dallas at the texas health presbyterian hospital is calculated to be about $ 500,000 .
late yesterday , it was announced that screenings of passengers from flights that originate from west african countries will begin saturday at new york 's john f. kennedy airport and next week screenings will start at hartsfield–jackson atlanta international airport , washington dulles airport , newark liberty international airport , and chicago o'hare international airport .
part of the screening will include a laser that can determine the patient 's temperature and it 's designed that only the laser beam touches the individual ; in addition , individuals will be required to fill out certain forms .
the large majority of airplanes that carry individuals who are transported from west africa to the u.s. usually land at these designated airports .
a survey of americans suggested that 58 % thought that flights from areas where ebola was not under control ( for example , liberia and sierra leone ) should be banned from entering the united states .
last evening and this morning , about 200 airline cabin cleaners walked off the job at new york 's laguardia airport .
they cited concerns and/or fears about possible exposure to ebola and other infectious diseases because they often encounter hypodermic needles , vomit , and blood in the cleaning process .
at the same time , the local union 32bj has scheduled an infectious-disease training class for the airplane and terminal cleaners and wheelchair attendants .
two studies have recently been revisited about ebola .
one study done in 1977 found that ebola viruses were still in the semen of one survivor 61 days after the onset of his disease while another study done in 1999 found the virus in semen 82 days after the patient first became ill .
the studies recommended that male survivors of an ebola infection use condoms for at least three months after contracting the disease ; the world health organization warned this week that ebola can persist in a survivor 's semen for at least 70 days and suggest it may persist for more than 90 days .
cdc officials suggest survivors use condoms possibly for three to six months .
although more studies are needed , it is possible that ebola may also persist for some time in a woman 's breast milk , as it has been detected in breast milk at least 15 days after infection .
the spanish nurse assistant thinks she may have become infected when she took off a protective suit , and it may have pressed up against her face .
her dog , excalibur , was euthanized and its body cremated because spanish officials were unsure if the animal had become infected with ebola from its owner and whether or not the dog could serve as a source of ebola to humans even though it may show no symptoms .
apparently , many thousands of individuals had requested that the dog 's life be spared .
unfortunately , the spanish nurse assistant 's condition has worsened overnight .
she is the first person to have obtained an ebola infection outside of africa .
she got infected while providing care for a spanish priest in spain who subsequently died from his ebola infection he contracted in africa .
spanish authorities said they are observing at least three people , in addition to the nurse assistant , who may be exhibiting symptoms of ebola .
nigeria , the most populous african country , has been apparently successful in containing ebola infections .
they reported no new cases of ebola in nigeria since aug. 31 , 2014 .
the cdc is sending researchers to lagos , nigeria , to study how that country is able to contain the disease .
cdc director tom frieden said nigeria 's response to a single case of ebola suggest control is possible with rapid , focused interventions .
oct. 8 , 2014 : this morning , thomas duncan , the liberian national who was the first person diagnosed in the u.s. with ebola , died at 7:51 a.m .
he was 42 years old and was treated in intensive care in dallas since sept. 28 .
although he was given an experimental drug used in other patients , apparently his ebola infection overwhelmed his immune system .
currently , other individuals who have had close association with mr. duncan have not shown symptoms of ebola infection .
the american doctor who survived an ebola infection , dr. kent brantly , was contacted by individuals treating the nbc cameraman , ashoka mukpo , and asked to donate blood .
dr.brantly agreed , and even though he was in his vehicle , he drove to a hospital that was nearby and donated blood that was then airlifted to the nebraska hospital treating the cameraman .
dr. brantly 's blood type was the same as the cameraman 's , so it is possible that immunoglobulins in dr. brantly 's blood may help slow or eliminate ebola virus .
the cameraman was also being treated with an experimental antiviral drug .
today , advance screening will begin at jfk airport and then at other airports .
part of the screening will involve laser temperature screening of passengers and a questionnaire .
in sierra leone , african burial teams responsible for collecting the bodies of ebola victims went on strike today in freetown .
the members of the team receive $ 100 a week and have not been paid in weeks to do the extremely dangerous removal of bodies that have been left in homes and on the streets of the capital .
in liberia , health workers plan to strike if their demands for more money and safety equipment are not met by the end of the week .
both situations could worsen the ebola outbreak in africa .
several new diagnostic and treatment centers have been opened in liberia by u.s. military personnel .
today , president obama is conducting a conference on the nation 's response to ebola infections .
the individual in spain , maria teresa romero ramos , who became infected while she was caring for an ebola-infected priest in a spanish hospital has developed a unique twist .
spanish officials received approval from madrid authorities to euthanize her dog that had close association with her when she started to develop symptoms of ebola .
her husband has gone to the press trying to generate public opinion to save her pet dog from euthanasia .
one study suggests dogs may carry ebola virus without showing symptoms but cdc director dr. tom frieden suggests that dogs do not transmit the disease .
however , it is well-documented that certain mammals ( monkeys , bats ) carry ebola virus and are the likely original sources in africa for this disease .
meanwhile , the spanish health officials are trying to figure out how their isolation system failed to prevent mrs. ramos from getting infected while giving care to an ebola patient who was considered to be in strict isolation .
five other individuals plus her husband are now hospitalized in isolation due to exposure to mrs. ramos .
currently , mrs. ramos is being treated and suggests she is `` a little better .
oct. 7 , 2014 : the first ebola infection to originate outside of africa and be diagnosed occurred in a spanish sanitary technician in spain .
the technician , maria teresa romero ramos , was exposed to ebola by a priest who contracted ebola in west africa .
the priest was being treated in the spanish hospital ( carlos iii hospital ) .
she entered the hospital room to change the patient 's diaper and once more to remove his belongings after he died sept. 25 .
she has no idea how she became infected as she indicated she followed all of the hospitals isolation protocols .
this situation is disturbing to a lot of health-care professionals as it indicates the ease of transmission to health-care professionals even though they think they are following all appropriate procedures .
this finding has helped nursing personnel demand more training and to have access to the best isolation materials and protocols .
many nurses ( and nurse 's aides and technicians ) who provide care to patients are concerned because of the high incidence of ebola that occurs in health-care professionals even when they follow isolation procedures .
oct. 6 , 2014 : mr. duncan , the first person in the u.s. diagnosed with ebola , has continued to become sicker ; sources suggest he needs respiratory support and dialysis and continues to be listed in `` critical '' condition .
the fda has given permission for an experimental drug ( brincidofovir , made by chimerix ) to be used in an effort to help mr. duncan survive this infection .
another drug , tkm-ebola ( made by tekmira ) , was used last month to treat dr. kent brantly , who eventually recovered from ebola .
nurse spokespersons suggest that most nurses are not well-prepared to treat ebola patients ; they request that a uniform plan that covers all of the various aspects of the care for such patients be developed and followed across the u.s .
the cdc announced that a `` homeless '' man who may have been exposed to mr. duncan has been relocated and is now undergoing surveillance .
this person was monitored about a week ago but `` went missing '' until oct. 5 , 2014 .
the individual is not under arrest and currently has no signs of ebola .
this man rode in the same ambulance right after it was used to transport mr. duncan to the hospital on sept. 28 , 2014 .
the cdc has reported that its agency has been receiving about 800 phone calls a day concerning ebola infections ; initially , the cdc was receiving about 50 phone calls a day .
dr. frieden ( cdc director ) revised the number of people suspected of having a contact with mr. duncan to 114 ; these people were assessed by health officials and found that 66 of them did not have contact with duncan .
the officials identified 10 people who did have contact with duncan ( seven health-care workers and three family or community contacts ) .
in addition , there were 38 other people who they could not rule out having contact and these will be tracked for 21 days .
dr. frieden said this is how every ebola outbreak in the world was controlled in the past ( identifying infected individuals and their contacts and by providing supportive care for those individuals who developed ebola symptoms and keeping infectious patients isolated from others ) .
dr. frieden also indicated the promising drug , zmapp , was difficult to synthesize ( takes months to produce small amounts ) , and supply has been exhausted .
other ways to fight ebola virus are being investigated , including vaccines that are in the trial stage .
the nbc news cameraman who was diagnosed with ebola arrived in the united states yesterday and appeared relatively healthy ; he was transported to a hospital for supportive care .
the cameraman thinks he may have been exposed to the virus when he was cleaning out a vehicle while he was in liberia on assignment .
dr. richard sacra , the massachusetts physician who recovered from ebola infection , was hospitalized again with a respiratory infection .
the infection appears not to be ebola , but the doctor will remain in isolation until confirmation tests indicate he is not infected with the ebola virus .
oct. 5 , 2014 : dallas health officials have finally moved the four individuals who were quarantined inside a small apartment in the second-floor apartment complex where thomas duncan , the first person diagnosed with ebola in united states , was staying .
the four individuals were taken to a four-bedroom home and will continue quarantine there until oct. 19 .
the location of this isolated home was not divulged .
meanwhile , the apartment was decontaminated by a hazmat team ; essentially any furniture , mattress , towels , sheets , and other areas where mr. duncan may have touched were placed in sealed canisters that were hauled away for consideration .
the private vehicle that transported him to the hospital for his initial visit was also completely sealed off .
currently , the four individuals under quarantine show no signs of ebola infection .
about 10 other people who may have had close contact with mr. duncan ( ems personnel , hospital personnel , for example ) are being monitored closely .
about another 40 individuals are also being monitored , but this number is reduced from a total of 100 who were initially described as potential contacts .
unfortunately , mr. duncan 's condition has worsened and he is now considered `` critical '' and remains in an isolated intensive-care unit .
yesterday , two patients , one in france and another in germany , were released after they had been successfully treated for ebola infection .
in addition , the german government has established a 48-bed hospital in monrovia to treat ebola-infected africans .
on oct. 4 , the public health agency of canada confirmed an offer of 800-1,000 experimental ebola vaccine doses they are ready to transport once they are approved to do so by the world health organization ( who ) .
the most recent counts of ebola infections worldwide is 7,470 , with 4,087 confirmed by laboratory tests .
there have been 3,431 deaths attributed to ebola infections , according to cdc statistics .
oct. 3 , 2014 : in dallas today , four people ( mr. duncan 's partner , her son , and two nephews ) who had close association with the first reported individual with ebola infection diagnosed in the united states were still under quarantine in their apartment .
they are scheduled to be under quarantine until oct. 19 .
however , the apartment itself has not been decontaminated at all ( since sept. 28 , 2014 ) and only today has a hazmat team been reportedly allowed to enter the apartment to start the disposal of potentially contaminated clothing , towels , sheets , and other materials that may be contaminated with ebola virus .
it is unclear if these four people will remain in the apartment until oct. 19 or if they will be moved to a different facility to be observed during the quarantine .
meanwhile , the family members are being left supplies that they can pick up at their door .
unfortunately , mr. duncan is still in intensive care and is very weak .
the united states may increase the number of americans to help with the containment of the ebola crisis in west africa to approximately 4,000 troops .
although 3,000 troops was the initial estimate , pentagon officials suggest that they are assessing the requirements for personnel on a daily basis and currently estimate they may need about 4,000 troops but hope they will succeed with fewer .
an nbc news cameraman working with dr. nancy snyderman has tested positive for ebola virus .
unfortunately , three other full-time nbc employees who been working in liberia have now also tested positive for ebola .
the news teams including dr. snyderman will self-quarantine for 21 days .
the news team is returning to the united states on a chartered aircraft .
another possible ebola virus-infected patient may be in a washington , d.c. , hospital ( howard university ) but is not confirmed .
oct. 2 , 2014 : over the last 24-48 hours , there have been multiple bits and pieces of information put together about the current ebola diagnosis in a patient in dallas , texas .
the patient has been identified as thomas eric duncan by one of his family members .
mr. duncan was in liberia and reportedly helped transport a pregnant woman back to her home who was diagnosed with ebola but had been turned away from a hospital because there was no room .
this woman subsequently died from ebola infection .
one sept. 19 , mr. duncan flew from liberia to brussels , belgium , then to dulles international airport in the united states and finally ended his trip in dallas on sept. 20 .
during these three plane flights , mr. duncan showed no symptoms of ebola infection .
on sept. 24 , four days after his air flights , he started to develop symptoms and he was seen at texas health presbyterian hospital 's emergency center on sept. 25 and eventually prescribed antibiotics and discharged .
during his first emergency-center visit , he indicated he was visiting dallas ( his girlfriend ) from africa .
apparently , this african connection was overlooked by the health-care professionals ( emergency-department personnel ) who tended to him , so ebola was not considered in their diagnosis .
on sept. 28 , he returned to the hospital in much worse condition ; he needed to be transported by ambulance to the hospital .
he was admitted to the hospital and placed in isolation .
on sept. 30 , tests revealed that mr. duncan was infected with ebola virus .
at first , as many as 18 people , including five children , were considered to be contacts and were monitored for symptoms .
however , after reassessing mr. duncan 's contacts , today the number of potential contacts is 100 people according to the dallas county health officials .
the closest contacts , four immediate family members , have been ordered to stay in their homes as a precautionary measure for about three weeks .
five children who go to four separate schools are also to remain in their family homes and not attend classes .
although it is unlikely that the children could have spread ebola to others in the classrooms , the school system has decontaminated all of the rooms the five children attended classes in before they were subsequently told to remain at home .
mr. duncan is still in isolation in the intensive-care unit .
currently , none of the contacts with mr. duncan have developed ebola symptoms .
the ambulance personnel ( ems ) and other health workers are under a 21-day watch for symptoms .
the cdc has consistently indicated that passengers on the flights taken by mr. duncan have no chance of developing ebola from mr. duncan because the disease is not transferred by bodily fluids until symptoms develop , and mr. duncan had no symptoms of ebola until several days after the air flights .
the hospital in dallas said that it was a mistake to not consider mr. duncan as having a possible ebola infection at his first visit ; this mistake was considered to be lack of communication between health-care workers .
consequently , mr. duncan spent at least two additional days outside of an isolation unit and thus may have inadvertently infected other people who were caring for him .
consequently , the large numbers of potential contacts ( 100 people ) are likely to be observed for at least 21 days .
some may be placed under quarantine for 21 days ( kept in isolation , no one leaving or entering a specified area or structure ) especially if the person had possible direct contact with the infected patient .
cnn reported today that the apartment where four people are quarantined has not yet been decontaminated by health-care workers according to a phone conversation with mr. duncan 's significant other , who is in the apartment under quarantine .
however , the dallas mayor has indicated this situation is being addressed today .
ongoing news today reported that a patient isolated in a honolulu hospital may potentially be infected with ebola ; however , the cdc stated today that the patient does n't have symptoms consistent with ebola and has not been tested for the virus .
medically reviewed by a doctor on 11/21/2014 patient comments viewers share their comments ebola virus - origin question : if you or someone you know has had the ebola virus , where did you ( they ) contract it ?
• ebola virus - symptoms question : if you or someone you know had ebola , what were the signs or symptoms ?
• ebola virus - treatment question : what treatments or medications did you receive for ebola ?
• ebola virus disease - prevention question : what steps have you taken to prevent infection with ebola virus disease ?
friday , april 11 , 2014 - 11:45am how a person can recover from ebola ofeibea quist-arcton updated : 11 months ago .
testing for ebola , a scientist in a mobile lab at gueckedou , guinea , separates blood cells from plasma cells to isolate the virus 's genetic sequence .
tweet npr — at least eight ebola patients in guinea have beaten the odds .
they have recovered and been sent home .
in past outbreaks , the death rate has been as high as 90 percent .
in guinea so far , about 60 percent of the 157 suspected cases have ended in death .
the first seven to 10 days after infection is the `` peak of the illness , '' when people are most likely to die , says barbara knust , an epidemiologist at the centers for disease control and prevention in atlanta .
but if the body begins to produce antibodies to fight off the infection , then there 's hope .
doctors on the scene think the treatment regimen may play a role in boosting survival odds .
adds critical care doctor rob fowler , also with who : `` outbreaks happen in places where it 's very challenging to deliver medical care .
even when there 's no specific therapy for the virus , with supportive care , people can have much better outcomes .
if a patient is symptom-free for several days , doctors run repeat blood tests to see if any virus remains in the bloodstream .
but there are twists to this scenario , says marie-christine frir , brussels-based emergency coordinator for doctors without borders .
a man 's blood may be free of ebola , but the virus can persist in semen for two to three months after recovery .
the virus can also linger in breast milk , so mothers are told to wean any child who had been breast-feeding .
a clear blood test does n't always mean a survivor is ready to be discharged .
ebola survivors do not have to worry about contracting the disease again , says pierre rollin , deputy director of the viral special pathogens branch of cdc , who has traveled to the site of previous ebola epidemics over the past 20 years .
health care workers often check on patients in their homes to see how they are faring after the trauma of suffering through ebola and perhaps losing family members to the disease as well .
they must also deal with the stigma associated with having had the virus .
health workers teach the community that the ebola survivor can not infect them .
adds frir : `` [ in the past ] we would bring the patient into the middle of the village , and we would give a big kiss to the patient to show that it 's ok , no problem .
to see more , visit http : //www.npr.org/ .
copy a female health care worker who treated thomas eric duncan has contracted ebola , becoming the first person to get the disease in the united states , the director of the centers for disease control and prevention said today .
officials said the nurse was wearing full protective gear while treating duncan in quarantine at texas health presbyterian hospital , but somehow she got infected anyway , through what they said must have been a breach of ebola safety protocol .
she started having symptoms -- including a low fever -- friday night and drove herself to her own hospital .
within 90 minutes , she was in isolation and late saturday night , the preliminary ebola test came back positive .
the woman has been interviewed by investigators , but she could not identify when the breach may have happened , cdc director dr. tom frieden said .
liberian community in texas raises concerns about dallas ebola patient 's treatment `` it is possible that we will see more ebola cases , '' frieden said .
that 's so important , so we can understand it better , and intervene to prevent this from happening in the future .
the health care worker , who was said to be in stable condition , had been taking her temperature twice daily under the cdc 's self-monitoring regimen since treating duncan , who died last week .
health officials are also monitoring another person , whom they have in isolation , who may have had contact with her , frieden said .
she was not one of the initial 48 people who have been monitored for ebola after they came into contact with duncan when he was admitted into the hospital , but is instead part of an additional group of people who may have come into contact with duncan while he was being treated , the cdc chief said .
health officials were trying to determine how many people she might have had contact with and who else might need to be monitored .
officials also went door-to-door in the neighborhood and distributed leaflets about the virus .
a dog found inside her apartment is also being monitored , rawlings said .
a hazmat crew was the building this afternoon , cleaning the interior of the apartment .
abc news chief health and medical editor dr. richard besser called the health care worker 's case concerning , adding that public health officials will need to investigate how the exposure occurred .
while the cdc has said that any hospital is capable of safely treating ebola , besser said health care workers need training and practice using protective equipment to do so successfully .
search results for : ebola syndrome indowebster no matches .
please try again , or use the navigation menus to find what you search for .
post analysis/opinion articles to /r/inthenews want to talk ?
had your post stuck in the spam filter ?
have a question about policy ?
just want to give feedback ?
please post news items only , with the exception of meta posts about /r/news itself .
self-posts aggregating news data and `` independent reporting '' each count as news , but are not an excuse to editorialize .
your post will likely be removed if it : is not news ( or a meta post ) .
is an opinion/analysis or advocacy piece .
has a title not taken from the article .
has a pay wall or steals content .
ebola : natural , psy-ops or another 9/11 ?
the outbreaks occured solely in africa .
interestingly , in 1989 an outbreak of hemorrhagic fever occured in a research laboratory in reston , usa among laboratory macaque monkeys .
tissue samples from dead animals were sent to the infamous bio-weapons laboratory of the united states , the army medical research institute of infectious diseases ( usamriid ) at fort detrick , maryland , where laboratory tests showed antibodies to ebola virus .
researchers concluded it was another strain of ebola , or a new filovirus of asian origin , which they named reston ebolavirus ( rebov ) after the location of the incident .
the world health organisation classifies the ebola virus as a risk group 4 pathogen , which is the highest of 4 levels .
electron micrograph of an ebola virus , source as with all contagious diseases we can be quite sure that both the african ebola virus as well as the asian one were experimented with at fort detrick to weaponize them .
what the current state of this ‘research’ is we do not know , but we can assume that the focus was most probably to make it more transmittable as the original virus could only be transmitted by bodily fluids from an infected person ( or even dead corpses ) .
increase over time in the cases and deaths during the 2014 outbreak , source the current outbreak is said to have started in guinea in march this year .
on 8 august 2014 , the who declared the epidemic to be an international public health emergency .
interestingly some facts have come to light that beg the question if the current outbreak is natural or manufactured .
the investigative journalist jon rappoport has discovered that : for the last several years , researchers from tulane university have been active in the african areas where ebola is said to have broken out in 2014 .
these researchers are working with other institutions , one of which is usamriid , the us army medical research institute of infectious diseases , a well-known center for biowar research , located at fort detrick , maryland .
jon rappoport backs up his statements with documents released by tulane university [ 1 ] the researcher mike adams made public that the u.s. centers for disease control owns a patent on a particular strain of ebola known as “ebobun.” it’s patent no .
is ca2741523a1 and it was awarded in 2010 .
you can view it here .
he writes : the patent summary says , “the invention provides the isolated human ebola ( hebola ) viruses denoted as bundibugyo ( ebobun ) deposited with the centers for disease control and prevention ( “cdc” ; atlanta , georgia , united states of america ) on november 26 , 2007 and accorded an accession number 200706291.” it goes on to state , “the present invention is based upon the isolation and identification of a new human ebola virus species , ebobun .
ebobun was isolated from the patients suffering from hemorrhagic fever in a recent outbreak in uganda.” it’s worth noting , by the way , that ebobun is not the same variant currently believed to be circulating in west africa .
clearly , the cdc needs to expand its patent portfolio to include more strains , and that may very well be why american ebola victims have been brought to the united states in the first place .
in another article the same author makes the connection between the current ebola outbreak and the investments of monsanto in pharmaceutical companies that could earn billions if they come up with a ‘cure’ .
so far the current outbreak is restricted to subsaharan africa but what if it spreads to other continents ?
this is not impossible as the incubation period ranges from 2 to 21 days .
the question must be asked whether the current outbreak is a natural one or was deliberately started to test the effectiveness of a weaponised version of the virus or was a ‘research accident’or is another money making scam by the pharmaceutical / medical complex .
it can not be answered – yet .
let us go back in time .
we have been bombarded with propaganda out of hollywood depicting the horrors of an uncontrolable outbreak , one of the latest versions is the movie ‘contagion’ .
this goes hand in hand with the outbreaks of sars , bird flue , swine flue all of which were used to create fear on a massive scale and to sell vast amounts of vaccines most of which were never used and were in the end destroyed .
fear is one of the most useful tools to keep human beings away from realising and acting on the real issues .
the hype created by the mainstream media of any outbreak of some kind of virus occuring these days is massive .
the medical profession and the who also play their parts .
jon rappoport observes : in areas of the world where severe malnutrition , starvation , lack of basic sanitation , contaminated water , overcrowding , heavy pollution are present , people fall ill and die routinely.these conditions destroy the immune system—and then any germ that sweeps through the area causes illness and death , because body’s defenses are shot .
here’s another point you won’t see discussed on the mainstream news : the reliability of tests used to diagnose ebola.two of those tests—antibody and pcr—are notoriously unreliable…..in fact , before 1984 , when the science was turned on its head , antibody-positive status was taken to mean the patient’s immune system had successfully warded off the germ… bottom line : huge numbers of people on whom these tests are done are going to be falsely diagnosed with ebola .
and in a pandemic scare , diagnostic tests are going to be ignored altogether .
this is exactly what happened in the us , in the summer of 2009 , when the swine flu scare was at its height.the centers for disease control , without informing the public , just stopped doing tests and stopped counting numbers of american swine flu cases .
yet , on the basis of zero evidence , they claimed the disease was an expanding nightmare .
sharyl attkisson , star investigative reporter for cbs at the time , broke this story—and her network shut her off .
there was much more she could have exposed , but it didn’t happen .
the cdc , shaken to its core by attkisson’s revelations , doubled down , employing a time honored strategy : if a lie doesn’t work , tell a much bigger lie .
the cdc suddenly claimed that its ( unverified ) total of tens of thousands of swine flu cases in america were really “tens of millions of cases.” as the days and weeks pass , you’re going to hear and see all manner of outrageous propaganda about ebola .
to exert control over the population and obtain compliance ( stay indoors , don’t travel , avoid contact with people who might be ill , etc .
every so-called “pandemic” is a test : how well will the population follow orders ?
if this current outbreak is indeed a psy-op we have to take into consideration what effect false alarms produce .
it is well known that if false alarms occur frequently they are , after sufficent alarms have turned out to be false , not regarded as an alarm at all .
thus we could also be dealing with yet another manufactured false alarm to lull the public into just that state .
this to keep the public from taking appropriate steps when a real threat on a massive scale emerges .
one may ask , why would they do this ?
and here we are entering dark waters .
the depopulation agenda there can be no doubt that the global elite has a depopulation agenda .
they have stated it clearly .
from the georgia guidestones “maintain humanity under 500,000,000” to the famous statement made by bill gates “the world today has 6.8 billion people .
that’s heading up to about nine billion .
now if we do a really great job on new vaccines , health care , reproductive health services , we could lower that by perhaps 10 or 15 percent ! ” to the various un agencies that developed agenda 21 and are dealing with population ‘management’ and the statement by one of the elite’s foremost ‘thinkers’ brzezinski saying in 2009 “…in early times , it was easier to control a million people , literally it was easier to control a million people than physically to kill a million people .
today , it is infinitely easier to kill a million people than to control a million people .
it is easier to kill than to control….” .
we see that it is openly discussed how to go about the business of killing billions of humans and depopulate the planet .
there are basically two ways to achieve this goal to reduce the world’s population .
there is the ‘soft kill’ option which includes methods like water fluoridation , the slow poisoning of drinking water with chemicals , herbicides , pesticides from agriculture and medical drugs , the altering of human dna by stealth through gmos , the poisoning of the air by spraying substances into the atmosphere ( supposedly to migitate ‘global warming’ ) , the bombardment of humans with radiation from nuclear power plants , fukushima , and with microwaves from wifi and cellphones .
and not to forget the results of ‘allopathic medicine’ which kills enormous amounts of people every year .
the manufacturing of hunger and disease through the destruction of local subsistence farming all over the world is another method .
all these methods are implemented mostly under the radar of most people or are already accepted practice .
the soft kill option is taking place in our daily lives and has been for some time .
but it turns out that humans are much more resistant than expected and many of the methods are also vehemently opposed and increasingly exposed by engaged and aware people everywhere .
then there is the ‘hard kill’ option which would be pulling the plug by unleashing a nuclear war .
the problem with it is that a ‘favourable’ outcome for the elite themselves can not be guaranteed .
so what remains is unleashing bio-warfare .
if the elite is in possession of a cure to an unleashed epidemic this might become the preferred option because it can easily be blamed on ‘nature’ .
is the current ebola outbreak the beginning of a ‘hard kill’ or a second 9/11 ?
it can not be excluded that the current ebola outbreak is the beginning of a massive depopulation operation .
but it could just as well be a psy-op to remove the final stumbling block to the implementation of total corporate/executive control of the us : people’s resistance to the police state .
just as 9/11 was used to justify the never ending ‘global war on terror’ an ebola outbreak , whether real or hyped up , could be used as the justification to end all freedoms and all resistance .
let us remember what obama just said : “… , two months ago , i directed my team to make this a national security priority… .
note that he is not concerned with a medical emergency but with ‘national security’ .
all pieces of the jigsaw puzzle for the implementation of total control are in place : – the militarisation of the police – the fema camps – the trains fitted with shackles now add to this that recently the government ordered 160.000 hazmat suits [ 2 ] ; that on july 31 , 2014 obama signed executive order order 13674 which allows the u.s. federal government to arrest and quarantine any person who shows symptoms of infectious disease .
we need to understand that quarantine centers are actually ‘death camps’ where governments put people to die .
even if you aren’t infected before you’re thrown into quarantine , you will be rapidly infected by the other people already there .
this is why quarantine centers often contain cremation ovens so that fema can efficiently dispose of all the dead bodies .
it is interesting to note that this executive order was signed more than a week before the who declared the epidemic to be an international public health emergency on august 8th .
i am not in the business of fearmongering but this is the situation as i understand it and it raises more serious questions than there are answers .
about the author : r. teichmann is an activist living in west cork / ireland and is an editor with www.news-beacon-ireland.info .
he can be contacted via editor @ news-beacon-ireland.info disclaimer : the contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the authors ( s ) .
the source and the author’s copyright must be displayed .
for publication of news beacon ireland articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites , contact : editor @ news-beacon-ireland.info www.news-beacon-ireland.info may contain copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner .
we are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of “fair use” in an effort to advance a better understanding of political , economic , cultural , scientific , spiritual and social issues .
the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes .
if you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than “fair use” you must request permission from the copyright owner .
crooks and liars politifact 's lie of the year points straight at the media and how they used that crisis for cheap political gains .
by karoli on tue , 12/16/2014 - 9:00am betsy mccaughey completely reversed her hysteria from just over a week ago , because the time for fear is now past .
by karoli on sun , 11/09/2014 - 9:00am fox news , fox & friends , nov. 7 , 2014 .
read more ... http : //crooksandliars.com/2014/11/now-election-2014-done-wingnuts-declare by heather on sun , 11/09/2014 - 9:00am david brooks and mark shields are cut from the same cloth .
by karoli on sat , 11/08/2014 - 9:00am the tea party 's favorite senator ca n't give a straight answer on ebola quarantines .
by oresmas on sun , 11/02/2014 - 11:40am cnn , state of the union , nov. 2 , 2014 .
read more ... http : //crooksandliars.com/2014/11/rand-paul-doesnt-know-how-feel-about-ebola by heather on sun , 11/02/2014 - 11:21am asked to give his response to a district court judge 's ruling that nurse kaci hickox presented no threat to public health , maine 's ridiculous governor again resorted to character assassination and gave more false information about the disease .
by scarce on sat , 11/01/2014 - 10:47am asked to give his response to a district court judge 's ruling that nurse kaci hickox presented no threat to public health , maine 's ridiculous governor again resorted to character assassination and gave more false information about the disease .
by scarce on sat , 11/01/2014 - 10:05am despite the fact that she 's no threat to the community , nurse kaci hickox is being held at her boyfriend 's home in maine under police guard .
by karoli on thu , 10/30/2014 - 5:00am rush limbaugh blasted gov .
chris christie for letting up on the ebola quarantining of nurse kaci hickox , and allowing her to serve her time in maine .
by john amato on tue , 10/28/2014 - 6:00am latest comments ka • 53 sec ago the cheney children better get a hold on their dad real quick like .
he wanders into another country , it 's game over .
j hentai • 1 min ago brilliant !
j hentai • 2 min ago here 's an article about st. patrick and the snakes : http : //www.chrisweigant.com/20 ... .
also if it was n't for st. patrick converting the irish so-called western civilization would 've died out in the fifth century .
when ireland became christian , it preserved a lot of the knowledge from the roman empire and christianity during the dark ages , giving europe of the middle ages something to build on , hence the alternate name for ireland `` the land of saints and scholars '' .
here 's a cool link about the hill of slane : http : //www.megalithicireland.c ... .
i was there a couple of weeks ago and it 's brilliant !
bill t. • 2 min ago well , then fuck it .
the pitch is this : we know how to develop countries .
you’ll borrow this money , invest in development and have more than enough money to pay off the loans .
except that they didn’t know how to develop countries and even those countries in which the leaders didn’t steal the money , the loans grew faster than the tax base , leaving governments less and less able to administer their own countries .
act ii : money , money , money and cash crops so , you need $ . foreign dollars. how do you get them ? you could do what japan , korea , the united states and britain all did , and develop real industry behind trade barriers , of course , but that’s not what the experts are telling you to do. what they’re saying is “you have a competitive advantage in certain commodities : cash crops and maybe minerals .
you should work on that.” most cash crops are best grown on plantations , so if you want to move your economy to cash crops , you have to move the subsistence farmers off their land. that means they will go to the cities and need food that you no longer grow ( since you’re growing cash crops to sell to westerners .
act iii : the imf the above was standard imf and world bank advice , of course. don’t let anyone tell you that the world bank or imf want a country to develop ; their actions say otherwise. what they do need to do is push neo-liberal doctrine. so , now that your country is vastly in debt and can’t feed itself without foreign food which must be bought in hard currency , the imf says “well , we could give you more money , but” .
the but is that they want you to stop subsidies of food and let food prices float. that they want you to reduce tariffs on goods , even though tariffs a huge source of tax revenue for you , because your government is crippled and your people have tiny incomes , so you really don’t have the ability to tax them. then they want you to open up your economy to foreigners buying it up , so foreigners can own every part of your economy worth having ( anything that generates hard currency , basically .
win , win , lose .
mandos permalink october 10 , 2014 ding ding ding , bingo !
the advice that was given was based on a combination of ideological ( economist ) blindness and elite greed , and here we are .
mandos october 10 , 2014 ding ding ding , bingo !
the advice that was given was based on a combination of ideological ( economist ) blindness and elite greed , and here we are .
peter ve permalink october 10 , 2014 when the opec oil embargo came in ’73-’74 , and again in ’79 , there was a certain amount of public hand-wringing about how the high oil prices would effect third world countries .
the official answer was “recycle the profits from the opec countries as loans” .
no one ever explained how those loans were supposed to be paid back .
i remember wondering then what the hell they were thinking .
it has become clear to me in retrospect , thanks to mr. welsh and other bloggers .
john measor permalink october 10 , 2014 wonderful and succinct overview ian !
i’d only add that not enough stress can be placed on the ‘wise men’ or technocrats or whatever they call themselves these days didn’t and don’t know how to develop countries – because they need to place their own interests before those of their – ahem – ‘clients’ and more so because they thought they were the product of some darwinian competition where their personages and ideas had won out over others … rather than merely the scions of political arrangements that handpicked winners over the rest of society .
classic case of barry switzer’s line that “some people are born on third base and go through life thinking they hit a triple.” october 11 , 2014 excellent and succinct summary .
it is not that our overlords did not know how to develop countries .
they did not want to develop them .
as you pointed out , the examples of japan , then later south korea etc .
showed how to do it .
this may be a quibble , but since the mainstream propaganda apparatus claims otherwise , it is important keep it clear that these people are not our stupid , incompetent friends .
hvd permalink october 11 , 2014 jessica just a quibble on your quibble but beyond the surface ability to manipulate reality they are deeply , profoundly stupid .
otherwise you are very , very right .
october 11 , 2014 another stellar post ian .
i wonder if the storyline doesn’t go right back to bretton woods , say , and the ‘winners” determination to ( subtly , in the beginning ) impose their economic/cultural biases on the planet they had just conquered ?
i’m not sure whether they knew or saw what form , exactly , the economic component of their new adventure would take ( although i am sure there must be experts out there now who do know the answer to this ; i seem to recall keynes was involved ( ? ) ) .
but they knew they had won and they were , thus , validated by the violence of victory in their core beliefs .
the whole operation ramped up at a leisurely pace ( the private sector arm of the world bank wasn’t founded until 1956 ) .
besides , people had an horrendous war to recover from .
plus , they had just used nuclear weapons , deliberately — twice — against fellow human beings .
that was a truly momentous , if not profoundly unique , event .
it would take some time to process , intellectually — for those few who would even engage with the issue .
as well , these new world conquistadors had to deal with the ideological challenge from those — many , at one point — who believed that common goals for the common good were a better ethical and moral basis for organizing their societies .
better , say , than the pursuit of individual greed , in atomized organizations designed deliberately to fight — to continue the physical fight of the war in the somewhat-more-abstract ( but no less ‘real’ to the folks so engaged ) fight of the economy .
this fighting is just incredibly addictive .
it 's the winner 's high , harold , he even walks taller , bigger .
by the ’90s , towards the end of the warring century , the game — the only game in town ( read : planet ) now –could really get geared up .
there was nothing else to do , or attend to — except for the perrennial crusade in the middle east which had just been profoundly ( ian again ) distorted by money beyond measure to feudal cultures of male-only minds and bodies ‘running’ the ( global ) economic show .
and of course the ww ii conquistadors had to go along because in their ( self ) designed system money is all , king , top of the pyramid .
except of course that it’s not , really .
we know from talking to terrorists ( scott atran did it ) that sacred values trump economic ones — always .
and that element of the system is not even truly engaged , yet .
just wait for what’s coming … you can see the headlight of the train emerging from the tunnel… look – over there !
get off the tracks , emily… get off the tracks… !
no more fossil fuels for them .
fossil fuels are for fossils , now .
and so the story continues … “where were you during the war , daddy ? ” “uh , which war was that , son ? ” thanks again ian , justplaindave permalink october 11 , 2014 it would bear mentioning that liberia and sierra leone ( which account for a significant majority of cases and deaths ) recently finished fighting fairly extensive infrastructure-destroying civil wars .
it’s actually much worse than you’ve outlined .
a book everyone should read : tony permalink october 11 , 2014 it is convenient short hand – especially using a venue such as a blog – to write of “elites” as being monolithic .
i.e. , elites are stupid but greedy .
the reality , of course , is much more complicated .
as i argued a few months ago , one crucial decision point for the developing world was the death of franklin roosevelt , and the unwillingness or inability of us elites to follow through on fdr’s preferred policy path of resisting the restoration of the british and other european empires , and give former colonies access to “american methods” to develop and industrialize .
some people will immediately frown about what is meant by “american methods” thinking that they are not much different than british imperialism .
which i believe is wrong .
british imperialism sought to keep countries as suppliers of raw materials , without ever developing their own industries to process raw materials themselves .
this is , of course , exactly the policies that led to revolt by the american colonies in 1776 .
british imperialism would build railroads , for example , only from large mines or agricultural areas , to seaports .
here is an excerpt from elliott roosevelt’s ‘as he saw it , ’ ( new york : duell , sloan and pearce , 1946 ) , recounting a conversation he witnessed between his father , fdr , and churchill at the conference at argentia bay off newfoundland in august 1941 : ‘you see , ’ said father slowly , ‘it is along in here somewhere that there is likely to be some disagreement between you , winston , and me .
‘i am firmly of the belief that if we are to arrive at a stable peace it must involve the development of backward countries .
how can this be done ?
it can’t be done , obviously , by eighteenth-century methods .
now–’ ‘who’s talking eighteenth-century methods ? ’ ‘whichever of your ministers recommends a policy which takes wealth in raw materials out of a colonial country , but which returns nothing to the people of that country in consideration .
twentieth-century methods involve bringing industry to these colonies .
twentieth-century methods include increasing the wealth of a people by increasing their standard of living , by educating them , by bringing them sanitation–by making sure that they get a return for the raw wealth of their community.’ around the room , all of us were leaning forward attentively .
commander thompson , churchill’s aide , was looking glum and alarmed .
the p.m. himself was beginning to look apoplectic .
‘you mentioned india , ’ he growled .
i can’t believe that we can fight a war against fascist slavery , and at the same time not work to free people all over the world from a backward colonial policy.’ ‘what about the philippines ? ’ ‘i’m glad you mentioned them .
they get their independence , you know , in 1946 .
and they’ve gotten modern sanitation , modern education ; their rate of illiteracy has gone steadily down….’ ‘there can be no tampering with the empire’s economic agreements.’ ‘they’re artificial….’ ‘they’re the foundation of our greatness.’ ‘the peace , ’ said father firmly , ‘ can not include any continued despotism .
the structure of the peace demands and will get equality of peoples .
equality of peoples involves the utmost freedom of competitive trade .
will anyone suggest that germany’s attempt to dominate trade in central europe was not a major contributing factor to war ? ’ end excerpt here are some factions of “elites” that i can think of .
this is not intended to be comprehensive , but to spur people’s thinking .
some american elites , such as the house of morgan , can probably be included among them .
these are the types , such as allen and john foster dulles , who came to see the post-war period solely through the lens of anti-communism .
for these elites , any foreign nationalist such as mossadegh , nasser , sukarno , or minh , who wanted to develop their countries using elements of socialism , was simply an ally of the soviet union , and needed to be resisted and eliminated .
i do not believe this group of elites is very large , but their power and influence appears to me to be out of all proportion to their numbers .
these are the types who funded and promoted the eugenics movement in the 1920s and 1930s .
they honestly believe the world’s problem arise almost entirely from over-population .
the most rabid ones speak in terms of “culling the human herd.” the british aristocracy and monarchy harbor a number of these , such as prince phillip .
perhaps the largest number , these are the ones we refer to as stupid .
they honestly believe in the doctrines of economic neo-liberalism .
these are your basic economist , ceos , editors , congressmen , etc. , etc .
i do want to note here the remarkable shift in popular perception from government being an agency for good , to a complete animus anything the government tries to do .
concomitant with the rise of movement conservatism , of course .
but lest you think this was a “natural development” i urge people to at least look at philip mirowski’s books on the mont pelerin society .
let’s not forget that there are some elites who are for development of all nations .
i think john kennedy was one of these .
stevan permalink october 11 , 2014 this reminds me of “confessions of an economic hit man” by john perkins .
he was a big time enabler of all this , had a change of heart and wrote a couple of books about it .
ian welsh permalink * october 11 , 2014 bretton woods was significantly better for the third world than the era after it .
it wasn’t as good as it could have been had keynes plan been followed in full , but it did allow tariffs and so on for developing countries .
keynes believed that countries should make/grow most of what they needed , and import only what they could not make themselves .
ordinary manafactures should be made in the country of origin and certainly the country should grow as much of its own food as practicable .
october 12 , 2014 a few points : 1 .
uganda has successfully death with ebola outbreaks in the past .
despite being poor and all .
ebola is not “out of control in africa” , and probably will never be .
it’s limited to four countries at least , so far .
far better to speak of it being out of control in specific devastated countries .
world bank and imf policy is the policy of the advanced capitalist countries i.e .
us , western europe and japan .
october 12 , 2014 i found this article fascinating : http : //www.okayafrica.com/news/ebola-a-wake-up-call-to-sierra-leone-upper-class/ the perspective of someone from the upper class in sierra leone , and how it immediately made me think of the essays here regarding free- trade , elites selling countries out , and the destruction of countries .
justplaindave permalink october 14 , 2014 as some analysts of the continent are wont to say , “africa is not a country” .
much more specific transfer data available below : maureen coffey permalink october 23 , 2014 the problem also is that us and european agricultural policies deliberately destroy africa’s smallholder farmers by pressing subsidized produce into the markets at prices an african even if he earned less than a dollar a day couldn’t match .
this leads to more starvation than necessary and/or people leaving the country-side to dwell in city slums to be closer to the ngos that then feed them .
both starvation and cramped slums are ideal precursors of epidemics .
all about persian kitten 2015 home » blog » who ebola outbreak 2014 who ebola outbreak 2014 who | statement on the 1st meeting of the ihr emergency , statement on the 1st meeting of the ihr emergency committee on the 2014 ebola outbreak in west africa .
who | are the ebola outbreaks in nigeria and senegal over ? , if the active surveillance for new cases that is currently in place continues , and no new cases are detected , who will declare the end of the outbreak of ebola virus .
2014 ebola outbreak in west africa | ebola hemorrhagic , the 2014 ebola epidemic is the largest in history , affecting multiple countries in west africa .
there were a small number of cases reported in nigeria and mali and a .
who response to the ebola virus disease ( evd ) outbreak , you are here : home » programmes » disease prevention and control » epidemic and pandemic alert and response » outbreak news » who response to the ebola virus .
2014 ebola outbreak in west africa - case counts | ebola , case counts .
case counts updated in conjunction with the world health organization updates and are based on information reported by the ministries of health.. who : ebola outbreak in west africa an international health , global health experts declare the ebola epidemic ravaging west africa an international health emergency that requires a coordinated global approach..
as yahoo reports , the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention on wednesday issued its highest alert for an all-hands on deck response to the ebola crisis in west africa .
level 1 is the highest on a 1-6 scale and signals that increased staff and resources will be devoted to the outbreak .
he said it was the first time since 2009 that the level 1 alert had been issued .
back then it was in response to the outbreak of h1n1 flu .
as the washington post reports , nigeria’s health minister has declared a health emergency as the deadly ebola virus gained a foothold in africa’s most populous nation , according to news reports .
everyone in the world today is at risk .
the experience of nigeria opens the eyes of the world , ” minister of health onyebuchi chukwu told the country’s house of representatives .
nigerian authorities moved quickly late wednesday , gathering isolation tents as five more cases of the ebola virus were confirmed in lagos , a city bursting with 21 million people .
all five people are believed to be health workers who had direct contact with one man traveling from ebola-ridden liberia to nigeria — making this country the fourth now infiltrated by the deadly disease .
the other five [ newly confirmed ] cases are being treated at an isolation ward.” idris said this is the time “for everyone to be vigilant , especially with regard to relating to people who are ill.” according to this comment – supposedly written by someone who works in a hospital laboratory . michael snyder shares three quotes that we found particularly sobering… # 1 “even in the united states , out of all the various hospitals i have worked at , there is no hope of containing anything like this .
one of the largest hospitals i worked at only had two reverse flow isolation rooms .
two , let that sink in for a minute.” # 2 “patients only show up to the hospital when they go symptomatic .
so by the time they get there , they’ve already infected their entire family , their work group , and anyone they got within a few feet of on the way to the hospital .
when they get there the er nurses would treat it either like flu , or sepsis .
but the whole time the patient is infecting all of them .
and all of them , in turn , begin to infect everyone else in the exact same way .
if this is as virulent as the who thinks it might be , by the time people realize what is going on , there will be more sick people than there would be beds available at every hospital in the us combined.” # 3 “so don’t expect miracles from front line hospital staff , we don’t have the tools , and we certainly do not have the manpower .
ask anyone in the medical field how much overtime they could work if they felt like it , don’t even get me started on how thinly stretched people in the industry are .
though i suppose if this does turn into something , that will become apparent very , very fast.” there is no way in the world that our medical professionals are going to be able to handle a full-blown ebola pandemic .
chws respond to ebola ebola in remote liberia , through the eyes of a local health worker on november 24th npr posted this story following a chw named lorenzo dorr as he works in some of the most remote regions of liberia to try and stop the most recent surge of outbreaks .
up until recently this region of liberia had been largely unaffected by the disease , but as of the printing of this article there have been 24 deaths in these far-flung villages in the southeastern part of the country .
the chws dispatched to this area are charged with the daunting task of tracing those who have had potential contact with infected persons , educating local villagers who are often wary of health workers from outside their region and bringing infection prevention control to the region. it 's not ebola ... it 's the systems in this editorial , victor barbiero , takes an important look at the current state of health systems that we are relying on to combat disease around the world .
he points out that while ebola may be receiving the media coverage there are many diseases claiming lives in low- and middle-income countries .
but , the key to mitigating the burden of these diseases lies in strong , capable health systems .
dr. raj panjabi on the ebola crisis : dr. paul farmer on the ebola crisis : new website : ebola resources for health workers this website , which is a collaboration of intrahealth and mpowering frontline health workers , is focused on providing up-to-date , high quality resources for frontline health workers and others involved in caring for families and individuals affected by ebola .
ebola vaccines likely to be out by january 2015 by roshni mahesh december 2 , 2014 13:52 ist researchers from the oxford university revealed on monday that they have found two vaccines that are highly promising in fighting the deadly ebola virus .
the vaccines are expected to be out by january .
we anticipate their deployment will commence in january , '' hill told ians .
effectiveness of the vaccine has already been proved on primates , while clinical trials on humans are still going on .
the vaccine will be available in the ebola-hit west african countries , once it gets green signal from the world health organisation ( who ) .
during the talk , hill also said the vaccine will be given to health workers , who come in direct or indirect contact with the ebola patients .
however , the latest figures from who shows that the disease continues to have a strong presence in west africa .
it has infected 16,169 people and killed nearly 7,000 people in liberia , guinea and sierra leone alone .
concerned with the increasing number of cases reported even several months after the outbreak , the un ebola response mission issued a warning on monday , saying that the disease poses a `` huge risk '' and it can spread across the world , if the situation is not brought under control immediately , bbc reported .
meanwhile , who is reportedly planning to zero down the cases by allotting more experts to these regions .
us wraps up ebola military mission in liberia agence france-presse | updated : feb 27 , 2015 01:10 ist us soldiers attend the ceremonial folding and stowing of the flag at the in monrovia marking the end of the `` joint forces command united assistance '' mission .
a force that at one point reached 2,800 has been gradually scaled back since the epidemic began to recede , and the pentagon has announced that `` nearly all '' troops will be gone by the end of april .
the pentagon says around 100 us troops are to remain in the region to strengthen `` disease preparedness and surveillance capacity '' of local governments .
liberia , once the country worst hit by ebola , has registered 4,037 of around 9,600 deaths in the epidemic , which began in guinea in december 2013 .
story first published : feb 27 , 2015 00:15 ist
100 % satisfaction garantie uh oh ... unknown 0 can’t display all the features of our site .
may we suggest an alternative browser ?
because you won’t want to miss out on all this goodness .
roulement pour ebola 1 t-shirts pre- order pre-order today !
your design will be made and shipped as soon as our manufacturers are ready to begin production .
devant à propos de ce produit modèle : t-shirt à prix économique ce t-shirt épais à silhouette classique est une alternative abordable pour les personnes sensibles au prix .
ce t-shirt est prérétréci et 100 % coton .
avec ourlets des manches et inférieur à double couture pour plus de résistance .
choisissez un design existant ou laissez libre cours à votre imagination en créant votre propre t-shirt !
taille et forme le modèle mesure 1.78 m et porte une taille m coupe standard conforme à la taille indiquée tissu et entretien col côtelé 1x1 et renfort d'épaule à épaule ourlet à double couture lavable en machine à l'eau froide couleur : blanc
ebola virus ebola outbreak could cost affected nations $ 32b fiercehealthcare | october 9 , 2014 the ebola outbreak in west africa could come with a $ 32 billion price tag , according to a report from the world bank .
providers , officials double down on ebola precautions fiercehealthcare | october 8 , 2014 in the wake of the death of the patient with the first case of ebola in the united states and the errors that led to his initial misdiagnosis , healthcare providers and other institutions plan to step up their safeguards against the virus .
dallas hospital treating first ebola patient may face legal troubles fiercehealthcare | october 6 , 2014 in addition to the medical challenges of dealing with ebola , there may be legal trouble in store for the dallas hospital housing the country 's first patient diagnosed with the virus , according to texas lawyer .
cdc confirms first case of ebola fiercehealthcare | october 1 , 2014 the centers for disease control and prevention confirmed tuesday the first case of ebola diagnosed in the united states in a person who traveled to dallas from west africa , while texas officials urged residents to remain calm and hospitals across the nation said they are prepared to handle additional cases .
us hospitals unprepared for ebola-related medical waste fiercehealthcare | september 25 , 2014 some u.s. hospitals might be prepared to treat the ebola virus , but are they prepared to dispose of ebola-related waste ?
probably not , which could threaten public safety , according to a report by reuters .
3 factors making the ebola outbreak worse fiercehealthcare | september 23 , 2014 the circumstances of this year 's ebola outbreak significantly exacerbated the worst-case scenario for the virus , according to vox .
cdc , hhs create hospital ebola checklist in wake of global crisis fiercehealthcare | september 10 , 2014 as the ebola virus outbreak spirals out of control into a world-wide crisis , the centers for disease control and prevention and the department of health and human services ' office of the assistant secretary for preparedness and response this week released a checklist for hospitals to help clinicians manage patients carrying the virus .
3 michigan systems complete merger ; white house asks for $ 30m to fight ebola ; fiercehealthcare | september 8 , 2014 news from around the web > three healthcare organizations in southeast michigan made their merger official tuesday , creating a single , $ 3.8 billion nonprofit health system , according to hometown ...
ebola outbreak update [ week of august 24 , 2014 ] issues : emergency assistance , health sub-saharan africa is now the setting for two separate ebola outbreaks .
according to the latest statistics ( from august 20th ) , the west african ebola outbreak has infected 2,615 people and caused 1,427 deaths ( who ) including 120 health workers ( usa today ) .
these figures relate to the outbreak affecting guinea , liberia , nigeria and sierra leone , which we have followed weekly since july .
on august 26th , authorities from the democratic republic of the congo ( drc ) , located in central africa southeast of the west africa outbreak , notified the who of an outbreak of the ebola virus in the country with a total of 24 cases and 13 deaths to date ( who ) .
ebola was first discovered in the drc , then known as zaire , and ebola outbreaks have occurred in central africa with some frequency over the past 15 years .
because the current drc cases and their identified contacts have no history of travel or exposure to the emergency in west africa , the outbreak in the drc is believed at this time to be a separate , additional outbreak .
the experimental treatment zmapp has yet to conclusively demonstrate effectiveness in the few patients who have received it ( abc news ) , and although local governments continue to respond to the outbreaks , international support is greatly needed .
the world health organization is drafting a coordinated regional strategy to address ebola in west africa , and early reports attest that who’s plan will require funding upwards of several hundred million dollars ( bloomberg ) .
every donation counts , and africare can ensure your donation goes far .
using strategic partners , africare recently shipped $ 534,000 in medical supplies at a cost of only $ 23,750 .
please support our ebola efforts by giving now .
he is also the author of `` conversations with hip hop '' available on amazon.com
11 things about tamarmarch 15 , 2015 dorinda clark cole 03-17-15march 15 , 2015 no love : celebs who lost or almost lost custody of their kidsmarch 15 , 2015 advertisement
ebola case in utah ‘highly unlikely , ’ but hospitals testing preparedness systems posted 12:26 pm , october 2 , 2014 , by ben winslow , updated at 09:38pm , october 2 , 2014 email update : testing has confirmed the patient does not have ebola .
salt lake city — doctors at primary children’s hospital confirmed they are treating a patient with symptoms similar to ebola , but stressed it is “highly unlikely” that it is the deadly virus .
at a news conference thursday , doctors and public health officials said a patient was admitted to primary children’s on wednesday and was being treated in isolation for symptoms similar to ebola .
however , hospital epidemiologist dr. andrew pavia said it was “highly unlikely” that the patient had the virus .
dr. pavia refused to release any information about the patient , except to say that person had recently traveled to a west african country — although it was not one that is in the midst of the ebola epidemic .
however , the patient did exhibit symptoms similar to ebola , triggering a heightened alert at the hospital , dr. pavia said .
he declined to elaborate on what the alternate diagnosis is , or what condition the patient is in .
a blood sample was sent to the centers for disease control and prevention in atlanta to confirm whether or not it is ebola , pavia said .
dr. robert rolfs , deputy director of the utah department of health , said his agency does not believe it is a case of ebola , so they have opted not to do any contact tracing — where they track down everyone that patient had contact with .
primary children’s , the utah department of health and the salt lake county health department have used the experience to test their readiness should ebola ever arrive in utah .
the public , especially.” ebola has been ravaging countries in western africa , where thousands have died .
recently , a patient in dallas was admitted to a hospital with ebola .
the virus is spread by contact with blood or bodily fluids .
dr. pavia insisted the situation in africa is different than what people would encounter with ebola in the united states .
get information on the ebola virus from the cdc dr. rolfs said they would continue to evaluate and fine-tune procedures to be more prepared for ebola or any other potential outbreak .
quote : originally posted by tharan000 now this is where we are going to disagree .
if you have a bunch of honkey rambo ferguson cops interfering with a nig 's ability to nig , then you deserve to have your local korean dry cleaner and vietnamese nail salon looted and burned .
i was going to but i got tired .
plus the mattress was losing air .
latest news , breaking news live , current headlines , india news online wed , 18 mar 2015 04:50:05 +0000 en
mumbai authorities brace up for ebola entering country friday , 8 august 2014 - 6:30am ist | agency : dna comments mumbai is gearing up to tackle the potential threat of ebola virus , which has claimed close to 932 lives in africa .
also , 45,000 indians are currently living in four african countries where the virus has become pandemic .
brihanmumbai municipal corporation 's ( bmc ) executive health officer has written to airport authority of india ( aai ) and the maharashtra state government for detailed guidelines to tackle the disease .
with the threat of ebola looming large , the central ministry of health on wednesday issued a detailed advisory to all states in the country .
experts from medicine and microbiology departments will attend the meeting on friday , '' said dr mangala gomare , head , epidemiology cell , bmc .
detailed plan will be charted out to track process to investigate or report cases , methodologies of preventive screening and treatment protocols will also be put in place .
sources claim that , airport health organization ( aho ) which functions under central ministry of health has put in over a dozen medical experts round the shifts for the screening purpose of the passengers , with special emphasis during the arrival timings of the flights from africa .
though there are no direct flights , kenyan airways , ethiopian and emirates airlines are three airlines which are used by the passengers to fly from africa .
guinea , nigeria , liberia and sierra leone are the countries where the epidemic has spread .
an airport official said that they received the notification regarding ebola on wednesday evening .
the communication from the ministry states that about 50-60 indian families are in the process of leaving liberia for india due to the epidemic .
liberia has over 3000 indians .
the ebola causing virus reportedly spreads through contact with blood , body fluids and contact with the infected person .
continuous fever , body pain , sore throat , nausea are some of the symptoms , indicating that the person may have got infected .
the epidemic has so far claimed the lives of over 932 .
welcome to ebolainfo.org - providing the latest news & information regarding the ebola virus .
british nurses form part of militaryâ€™s latest west âafrican ebola mission author ( s ) nursing standard ; 10/15/2014 , vol .
29 issue 7 , p9 source type article abstract military nurses are part of the british military personnel travelling to west africa this week to care for healthcare workers with suspected ebola .
accession # ebola could sink 'africa rising ' .
36 issue 44 , pa2 no abstract available .
long-term disease surveillance in bandundu region , democratic republic of the congo : a model ... lloyd , ethleen s. ; zaki , sherif r. ; rollin , pierre e. ; tshioko , kweteminga ; bwaka , mpia a. ; ksiazek , thomas g. ; calain , philippe ; shieh , wun-ju ; konde , m. kader ; verchueren , eric ; perry , helen n. ; manguindula , lubaki ; kabwau , jean ; ndambi , roger ; peters , c.j. // journal of infectious diseases ; 2/15/99 supplement 1 , vol .
179 , ps274 focuses on the program designed to prevent future outbreaks of ebola hemorrhagic fever ( ehf ) in the region of bandundu , zaire .
characteristics of the region 's long-term surveillance strategy ; primary means of ehf transmission in the region during the 1995 outbreak .
o'brien , lisa // cleo ; nov2014 , p78 the author offers update on the ebola outbreak in west africa as of november 2014 based on her four-week posting to the liberian capital , monrovia .
ryan discusses the number of people who had died since he arrived , the role played by ebola management centres in liberia , and the precautions used ... webwise .
evans , roger // nursing standard ; 11/19/2014 , vol .
29 issue 12 , p32 the article reviews the web site of the disasters emergency committee , which is located at www.dec.org.uk ebola -- the facts .
casey , georgina // kai tiaki nursing new zealand ; dec2014/jan2015 , vol .
20 issue 11 , p20 no abstract available .
fight against ebola epidemic in zaire flies many flags .
111 issue 1 , p9 reports on the international collaboration for the fight against the ebola epidemic in zaire .
centers for disease control and prevention of the united states ; medecins sans frontieres of belgium ; institute of tropical medicine of antwerp , belgium ; pasteur institute of france ; south african ... cover photo .
92 issue 10 , p701 the photograph used on the cover of the october 2014 issue of the `` bulletin of the world health organization , '' showing a campaign poster with information on ebola virus disease being put up in sierra leone , is presented .
64 0 the virus that has infected nearly 10,000 people in west africa and killed over 3,000 so far this year may now be in america .
multiple news sources are reporting that an individual showing symptoms of the ebola virus has been admitted to a hospital in dallas , texas .
the patient , whose travel history suggests he or she may have been exposed to the virus , has been isolated and texas health presbyterian hospital of dallas says it is following testing and quarantine procedures outlined by the centers for disease control .
test samples have been sent to the cdc and preliminary test results are expected tuesday morning .
in a statement released monday evening , a spokesperson for texas health presbyterian hospital dallas said the patient is undergoing evaluation for ebola based on the patient’s symptoms and recent travel history .
further details on the patient were not released due to medical confidentiality and personal privacy reasons .
but that hasn’t stopped the cdc from preparing guidelines for hospitals around the country with instructions on how to identify suspected cases , testing recommendations , and quarantine procedures .
earlier this year , in anticipation of a potential pandemic , the u.s. government distributed ebola bio detection kits to national guard units in all 50 states .
in september the state department ordered 160,000 protective hazmat suits for aid workers in africa and other regions that may eventually see infections .
independent research models have suggested the possibility that up to 100,000 people may be infected with the virus by the end of this year .
the world health organization has warned that up to one million people in africa could be infected with the virus by early next year if it continues spreading at its current pace .
and most terrifying is a contagion model developed by researchers at mit and the new england complex systems institute which suggests that even a single infected individual travelling through a major airport hub has the potential to start the virus on a doomsday course that would eventually touch all corners of the globe : health care workers around the world have been mobilized and the director of the cdc said in early september that the window of opportunity for containing ebola was closing rapidly .
president obama has deployed 3,000 u.s. soldiers as part of a recovery team sent to africa to help control the spread of the virus .
but , as evidenced by research models , concerns from global health care workers and the real possibility of an ebola infection on u.s. soil , it may already be too late .
what is not being said publicly about the virus but is a major concern behind closed doors is that ebola’s hyper-evolution is unprecedented and there is widespread concern that it could go airborne much like a common cold or flu .
the cdc has admitted that it can be transmitted through the air in the form of water droplets already , but they have yet to admit that it is an airborne contagion .
as we’ve seen in africa , health care workers seem unable to contain the virus .
whether or not the virus has infected the individual in dallas , there is a real possibility that it will eventually make its way to the united states .
since there is no cure , the only way to survive such an outbreak is to avoid it .
published : nov 28 , 2014 06:18pm updated : nov 28 , 2014 06:18pm scientists to conduct trials on 15-minute ebola test in guinea the 15-minute ebola test prototype is six times faster than current tests and aims to speed up diagnosis , the london-based global research charity and the department for international development said .
conakry , nov 28 , 2014 : british researchers are to conduct trials in guinea on a 15-minute ebola test , the wellcome trust and uk government said in a joint statement on friday .
the prototype is six times faster than current tests and aims to speed up diagnosis , the london-based global research charity and the department for international development said .
she said the test was designed to be suitable for remote field hospitals where electricity and cold storage are often scarce .
early detection of ebola leads to better infection control as medics can identify and isolate confirmed cases faster and start treating patients sooner .
the trials will be led by researchers from dakar’s pasteur institute at an ebola treatment centre in the guinean capital conakry in the coming weeks .
britain already has an ebola laboratory in sierra leone and is building two others in its former colony .
the biggest ebola epidemic on record has claimed around 5,700 lives in west africa since the beginning of the year , according to the world health organisation — almost all of them in guinea , liberia and sierra leone .
in october france’s atomic energy commission announced that another 15-minute test had proved effective in high-security laboratory trials , although it has not yet been validated by regulators .
the diagnostic tool works by antibodies reacting to the presence of the virus in a tiny sample , which can be a drop of blood , plasma or urine , it said .
a european pharma company vedalab is turning the prototype into a user-friendly kit called ezyscreen that will see a positive result yield a small stripe in a results window on the hand-held device .
other pharmaceutical teams are working on fast diagnostic tools for ebola .
they include primerdesign , a spinoff company of britain’s university of southampton , and corgenix medical corp of the united states .
work is also under way in several laboratories on developing a vaccine or cure for the killer haemorrhagic fever against which no specific drug treatment exists .
have something to add to this story ?
let us know with a comment below .
dec 11 , 2014 a look at ebola treatment in the us by numbers omaha , neb .
the surgeon was heading saturday to the nebraska medical center and was expected to arrive in omaha at around 4 p.m .
the 44-year-old salia is a sierra leone citizen and a permanent resident of the u.s. , where he lives in maryland .
100 % nöjdhetsgaranti uh oh ... unknown 0 can’t display all the features of our site .
may we suggest an alternative browser ?
because you won’t want to miss out on all this goodness .
ebola mugg pre- order pre-order today !
your design will be made and shipped as soon as our manufacturers are ready to begin production .
about this product stil : muterande mugg en helt unik mugg .
när den är kall är den bara en enkel svart mugg .
men när du tillsätter någon varm dryck ( vatten , te , kaffe etc .
officials rush to contain ebola virus in guinea monday , march 24 , 2014 - 09:31 in health & medicine conakry , guinea ( ap ) -- health officials rushed monday to contain the deadly ebola virus in guinea , where at least 59 people are believed to have died from an outbreak of the virus that can cause severe internal bleeding ... .
04 april 2014 ebola causing havoc in west africa a rare but extremely dangerous virus , ebola is historically rooted in central africa , but has now moved to west africa where it has claimed more than 90 lives .
2 istock virologists say they are deeply worried by the unprecedented ebola epidemic in west africa which has claimed more than 90 lives and may now also have struck north into the sahel .
a rare but extremely dangerous virus , ebola is historically rooted in central africa , although it has also caused past outbreaks in uganda to the east .
except for a non-fatal case in ivory coast in 1994 , when a lab researcher was infected while examining a dead chimp , ebola had not previously been found in the west of the continent .
how it got there is puzzling experts .
causing havoc the viral species now causing havoc is the zaire strain of ebola , which slays between 70 and 90 % of those it infects and was last reported in the democratic republic of congo in 2009 .
baize noted the `` wide dispersion '' of patients and also a case cluster in the guinean capital , conakry , which added to the complexity of tackling the epidemic .
densely-populated urban areas past outbreaks of ebola have generally happened in remote rural areas , which makes their containment easier .
an epidemic has to be stopped by isolating suspected cases in ultra-clean conditions and quarantining those who had been in contact with them .
this is a big ask in countries where monitoring networks are weak and basic materials like isolation tents , rubber gloves , soap and bleach may be scarce .
un agencies and the medical charity doctors without borders , commonly known by its french initials msf , are helping to fight the outbreak .
since the start of the year , guinea has reported 134 suspected cases of ebola , of whom 84 patients died .
in neighbouring liberia to the south of guinea , there have been 14 reported cases , seven fatal .
to the north of guinea , the sahel state of mali said it had three suspected cases .
the patients had been isolated and were improving .
fruit bat intermediary baize pointed to the fruit bat , suspected to be a natural `` reservoir '' where the ebola virus holes up .
it can spread to animal primates and humans who handle infected meat – a risk given the informal trade in `` bushmeat '' in forested central and west africa .
among humans , the virus can spread through contact with infected blood , body fluids and tissue .
symptoms include muscle pain , vomiting , diarrhoea and , in extreme cases , organ failure and unstoppable bleeding .
100 % zufriedenheit garantiert uh oh ... unknown 0 can’t display all the features of our site .
may we suggest an alternative browser ?
because you won’t want to miss out on all this goodness .
t - shirt obama ebola pre- order pre-order today !
your design will be made and shipped as soon as our manufacturers are ready to begin production .
über dieses produkt ausführung : dunkles basic t-shirt komfortabel und locker .
unser dunkles heavyweight t-shirt wird schnell dein favorit sein .
es besteht aus 100 % sanforisierter schwerer baumwolle und macht so an jedem eine gute figur .
mit doppel-naht auf der unterseite und auf den ärmeln .
health minister , dr. walter gwenigale ebola : 3 confirmed dead in liberia tue , 03/25/2014 - 13:34 admin as gov’t employs initial measures to contain virus by : william q. harmon the government of liberia , through the ministry of health and social welfare ( moh & sw ) has confirmed that the deadly ebola virus , which broke out in neighboring guinea earlier last month and has claimed over 60 lives since then , has tallied 6 cases including 3 deaths on liberian soil .
of the six cases reported by the ministry , five have already died ( four female adults and a male child ) . the remainder , a female child , is undergoing treatment .
all six confirmed cases traveled from guinea for treatment in hospitals in the foya and zorzor districts of lofa county. three of the five who died expired on liberian soil , while the other two returned to guinea and expired there , according to the liberian health authorities .
world health organization officials had previously recorded the outbreaks of ebola , indicating that it occurred primarily in remote villages in central and west africa , near tropical rainforests .
but it has never been recorded in guinea until last month .
recent years have seen outbreaks in uganda and the democratic republic of congo where deaths were recorded .
speaking at a special press conference at the ministry of information , cultural affairs and tourism ( micat ) on monday march 24 , 2014 , the chief medical officer ( cmo ) of liberia , dr. bernice dahn , said that the mohsw and partners have already dispatched an assessment team to the affected areas since friday march 21 .
dr. dahn said the team is presently investigating the situation , tracing people who had contact with the six victims that were brought in the country and collecting blood samples and sensitizing the local health authorities on the disease .
the cmo disclosed that the assessment team took with them to lofa , protective equipment such as face masks , gloves and goggles to protect health workers in the affected areas and facilities. “they also took chlorine to disinfect the affected hospitals and are strengthening surveillance along the border areas , ” she added .
the mohsw official said the national task force on health emergency ( ntfhe ) has been re-activated to coordinate the response , mobilize resources and expertise to prevent further spread of the disease , though many wonder why the ministry should await for an emergency situation before reactivating the ntfhe .
tracing and follow-up of the people who may have been exposed to ebola through contact with patients are essential .
experts indicate that ebola has no treatment or vaccine , but can be prevented .
when asked whether the government of liberia intended to close its border with guinea in order to prevent the spread of the disease , information minister lewis brown , the host of the press conference , responded in the negative , saying that the risk was not severe enough to warrant closing the border .
symptoms liberians should watch out for inconnection with ebola include sudden onset of fever ; intense weakness ; muscle pain ; headache and sore throat ; vomiting ; diarrhea ; rash ; impaired kidney and liver function , and in some cases , both internal and external bleeding .
key preventive measures the ministry of health has laid out several preventive measures to curtail the spread of the virus in liberia : • people should limit as much as possible , direct contact with body fluids of infected persons or their remains , and avoid physical contact such as handshaking , kissing and other means of direct contact .
• members of the public are advised to“wash your hands with soap and water as frequently as possible .
avoid direct contacts with animals such as fruit bats or monkey/apes and the consumption of their raw meat .
treat your water with chlorine before drinking .
• the mohsw is calling on all stakeholders , traditional and religious leaders , community leaders , local authorities , and the general public to work closely with the mohsw and partners to share these key messages within their communities to prevent the spread of the disease .
health minister , dr. walter gwenigale , speaking at the conference said that government has put in place these initial measures to contain the spread of the virus in the country .
he noted that president ellen johnson sirleaf expressed grave concern over the cases already reported and has promised to provide all the necessary support to contain the spread of the virus .
he said if the initial measures put in place by the government do not work , additional measures will be introduced to combat the virus .
ebola can cause severe viral hemorrhagic fever ( vhf ) outbreaks in humans with a case fatality rate of up to 90 percent .
the virus first appeared in 1976 in two simultaneous outbreaks , in nzara , sudan and in yambuku , d. r. congo .
the latter was in a village situated near the ebola river , from which the disease took its name .
the ebola virus comprises five distinct species , including bundibugyo ; ivory coast ; reston ; sudan ; and zaire .
the one that broke out in guinea and which is currently in liberia is the zaire species , according to the health ministry .
3 an experimental drug given to two american patients with ebola is made from tobacco leaves and is hard to produce on a large scale , a leading us doctor said on tuesday .
known as zmapp , the serum consists of three antibodies manufactured in modified tobacco leaves , which take weeks to grow .
it was reportedly rushed to us missionaries kent brantly and nancy writebol , who were stricken with ebola while treating patients in liberia .
read : how prepared is south africa for an ebola outbreak ?
both have shown improvements in their health and are now being treated in isolation at an atlanta , georgia hospital .
no known cure there is no drug or vaccine on the market against ebola virus , which causes fever , vomiting , diarrhea , muscle aches and sometimes organ failure and hemorrhaging .
the ongoing outbreak in west africa is the largest in history , having killed 887 of the more than 1,600 infected .
as for zmapp , which was first identified as a drug candidate in january , there have been no safety tests yet in humans .
read : reaction to ebola outbreak on social media `` as such , very little of the drug is currently available , '' the company said in a statement , adding that is working to scale up production as soon as possible .
zmapp is a project of mapp biopharmaceutical , inc. and leafbio in san diego , california , defyrus inc. in toronto , canada , the us government and the public health agency of canada .
fauci said that the process of scaling up production will take time .
piot , david heymann and jeremy farrar , all influential infectious disease professors and respectively directors of the london school of hygiene and tropical medicine , the chatham house centre on global health security , and the wellcome trust , said there were several antiviral drugs , monoclonal antibodies and vaccines under study for possible use against ebola .
the world health organization ( who ) , `` the only body with the necessary international authority '' to allow such experimental treatments , `` must take on this greater leadership role '' , they said .
a spokesman for the geneva-based who told reuters the united nations health agency `` would not recommend any drug that has not gone through the normal process of licensing and clinical trials '' .
treating patients with experimental drugs that have not been tested in humans to determine safety and efficacy is highly unusual .
these estimates are thus very approximate : the exact number of deaths from these causes in 2014 will probably be slightly different than in other recent years , and causes like the flu and pneumonia have a lot of seasonal variation .
death numbers from 2012 for heart disease , diabetes , and flu/pneumonia came from the cdc 's 2012 `` mortality in the united states '' report .
estimates for deaths from lung cancer in 2014 came from the american lung association .
deaths in 2011 from unintentional falls and motor vehicles were found in the cdc 's faststats page for accidents .
finally , all deaths from guns in 2011 came from gunpolicy.org .
share on facebook the worst-ever outbreak of the deadly ebola epidemic grips west africa , killing hundreds .
duration : 00:48 youssouf bah / ap medical personnel inside a clinic taking care of ebola patients in the kenema district on the outskirts of kenema , sierra leone .
liberia president ellen johnson sirleaf has closed some border crossings and ordered strict quarantines of communities affected by the ebola outbreak .
by : jonathan paye-layleh the associated press , published on mon jul 28 2014 photos view photos zoom monrovia , liberia—liberia’s president has closed all but three land border crossings , restricted public gatherings and quarantined communities heavily affected by the ebola outbreak in the west african nation .
president ellen johnson sirleaf described the measures late sunday after the first meeting of a new task force she created and is chairing to contain the disease , which has killed 129 people in the country and more than 670 across the region .
a top liberian doctor working at liberia’s largest hospital , dr. samuel brisbane , died on saturday , and two american aid workers have fallen ill , underscoring the dangers facing those charged with bringing the outbreak under control .
last week a liberian official flew to nigeria via lome , togo and died of the disease at a lagos hospital .
the fact that the official , patrick sawyer , was able to board an international flight despite being ill raised fears that the disease could spread beyond the three countries already affected — liberia , guinea and sierra leone .
there is no known cure for ebola , which begins with symptoms including fever and sore throat and escalates to vomiting , diarrhea and internal bleeding .
the disease spreads through direct contact with blood and other bodily fluids as well as indirect contact with “environments contaminated with such fluids , ” according to the world health organization .
experts believe the outbreak originated in southeast guinea as far back as january , though the first cases weren’t confirmed until march .
that country has recorded the most deaths , with 319 .
sierra leone has recorded more of the recent cases , however , and has seen 224 deaths in total .
liberia will keep open roberts international airport outside monrovia and james spriggs payne airport , which is in the city .
sirleaf said “preventive and testing centres will be established” at the airports and open border crossings , and that “stringent preventive measures to be announced will be scrupulously adhered to.” other measures include restricting demonstrations and marches and requiring restaurants and other public venues to screen a five-minute film on ebola .
sirleaf also empowered the security forces to commandeer vehicles to aide in the public health response and ordered them to enforce the new regulations .
in sierra leone , president ernest bai koroma announced monday he was heading to the east of the country to visit the country’s top ebola doctor who became infected with the disease last week .
officials have said the doctor , sheik humarr khan , has been responding well to treatment at a centre run by doctors without borders in the town of kailahun .
khan has been described as a national hero for his work fighting the outbreak .
koroma made the announcement at the national stadium in freetown , where he joined muslims in prayers to mark the eid al-fitr holiday .
health minister miatta kargbo also left monday morning for kailahun , said sidie yayah tunis , a ministry spokesman .
colbert frets that media 's fearmongering over ebola is n't working sharethis 10/07/14 9:51pm for the second night in a row , stephen colbert took in the media 's fearmongering over the ebola outbreak and he got his digs in on cnn for comparing the disease to isis this week .
colbert : and folks , you can smell the fear thanks to heroes like cnn , who have asked the question , ebola : `` the isis of biological agents ?
oh yeah , it is .
scientists have long compared diseases to murderous madmen .
that 's why epidemiologists call tuberculosis the lung hitler .
colbert proceeded to go after our irresponsibly calm president `` barack ebola '' and said the administration is not `` taking it seriously enough because you 're not taking it seriously enough .
who wants to take a guess as to how many of that 11 percent are fox watchers ?
colbert explained to his audience that it 's not his fault that americans are n't terrified of the virus yet , and invited everyone to take his new poll which asks : how worried are you about the unstoppable virus that 's just seconds away from infecting everyone you love ?
stay tuned for the results .
the victims , both females , believed to be in their 60s and 40s respectively , died of the ebola virus recently in hope village community and the catholic community in ganta , nimba .
the newdawn nimba county correspondent said the late dorris quoi of hope village community and the second victim only identified as ma kebeh , said to be in her late 60s , were about to be taken for burial when they resurrected .
these robots are fighting ebola in texas go to permalink as the more paranoid among us freak out and reach for the hazmat suits , america is fighting the ebola threat the only way it knows how : hundreds of thousands of dollars of robots , natch .
a 'germ-zapping ' robot developed in san antonio is reportedly deployed in dallas , where doctors are treating the first ebola patient in the us .
'little moe ' , as the germ-eliminating machine of death is lovingly known , is a bit of hospital machinery that can be wheeled into a room , and then uses uv light to sanitize the room , killing pesky germs in the process .
given the widespread use of robots at other hazardous cleanup sites ( notably fukushima ) , and the advent of robots that can perform millametric-precise surgery , i 'm actually surprised that robots are n't being exclusively used to treat ebola patients .
presumably the bedside manner is still a little wanting .
ebola all-clear for spanish nurse who treated two missionaries killed by the virus ( facebook/teresa romero ) teresa romero a spanish nurse who contracted ebola while treating two missionaries tested negative for the virus on sunday .
teresa romero , 44 , was treating missionaries miguel pajares and manuel garcía viejo for ebola when she tested positive for the virus on october 6 .
pajares , 75 , became the first european victim of the latest outbreak , dying five days after being flown back to madrid for treatment .
he contracted the virus while serving at a catholic-run hospital in liberia .
garcía viejo was a medical director of the hospital order of san juan de dios and was working in the western sierra leonean city of lunsar when he contracted ebola .
he died days after being repatriated to spain for specialist treatment .
romero 's dog , excalibur was controversially euthanized following her diagnosis , angering animal rights activists , while her husband javier limon and some medical colleagues at madrid 's carlos iii hospital have been monitored since she became sick .
they have so far not shown any signs of infection .
limon was quoted by cbc as saying : `` i am very happy today , because we can now say that teresa has vanquished the disease .
the worst-hit countries are liberia , guinea and sierra leone .
according to a report in the guardian , one of the ways the outbreak has impacted people is their churchgoing .
at one church in freetown , sierra leone , congregants wash their hands in a bucket of chlorinated water as they enter the building prior to joining hands in prayer .
but some people have stopped attending church altogether .
in liberia , pastor amos teah told the paper that once-full pews are now largely empty .
we are even thinking about using spoons to serve communion ... to drop the bread into a person 's palm , avoiding all contacts with that person .
the church has placed strong emphasis on prevention , '' he said .
the report marks the first ebola case in nigeria linked to the current outbreak in the west african countries of guinea , sierra leone , and liberia .
health authorities also reported this weekend that two u.s. citizens working in a hospital in monrovia , liberia , have confirmed ebola virus infection .
these recent cases , together with the continued increase in the number of ebola cases in west africa , underscore the potential for travel-associated spread of the disease and the risks of evd to healthcare workers .
while the possibility of infected persons entering the u.s. remains very low , the centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) advises that healthcare providers in the u.s. should consider evd in the differential diagnosis of febrile illness , with compatible symptoms , in any person with recent ( within 21 days ) travel history in the affected countries and consider isolation of those patients meeting these criteria , pending diagnostic testing .
ciência saúde ebola burocracia impede o desenvolvimento de uma vacina para o ebola especialista afirma que há cinco vacinas contra o ebola prontas para entrar em testes clínicos - mas que processos regulatórios dos eua atrasam os estudos 31/07/2014 - 12h07/ atualizado 12h0707 / por luciana galastri / tamanho do texto a+ a- funcionários de um centro médico usam roupas protetoras para enterrar uma paciente que morreu de ebola ( foto : efe ) a atual epidemia de ebola que afeta a áfrica ocidental já matou mais de 672 pessoas , infectando cerca de 1200 .
há casos na libéria , na guiné e em serra leoa e , de acordo com a organização médicos sem fronteiras , a situação está fora de controle .
como já explicamos aqui , para e tentar salvar os pacientes , os médicos tentam estabilizar a pressão sanguínea , manter os infectados hidratados e suas infecções controladas .
tudo para manter o doente estável e esperar que o vírus saia do corpo , já que não há cura conhecida e nem vacinas que previnam o contágio .
no entanto , de acordo com esta entrevista da scientific american , pesquisadores já criaram algumas vacinas que funcionaram em testes com animais - até com primatas não-humanos .
só que , para aprovarem seus estudos em testes clínicos , em pessoas , cientistas encontram uma série de dificuldades .
a sa conversou com thomas geisbert , virologista da universidade de texas , em galveston , sobre o assunto .
galveston estuda o vírus do ebola desde 1988 e afirma que há até cinco substâncias que mostraram que podem proteger completamente macacos da infecção .
mas elas não conseguem ser aprovadas pelos órgãos regulamentadores dos eua para entrar em testes clínicos .
elas estão em vários estágios de desenvolvimento , mas nenhuma está pronta para ser licenciada '' , afirma o cientista .
não entendemos por que o sistema regulatório não pode andar mais rápido .
não sei por que há tanta demora '' .
acho que deveríamos levar esse contexto em consideração '' , conclui .
recruitment in the trial is underway , and the first volunteers have received their initial vaccine dose .
enrollment is expected to be completed by the end of january .
the trial , which is led by the oxford vaccines group , part of the university of oxford , department of paediatrics , will evaluate the safety and tolerability of the heterologous prime-boost vaccination regimen in which patients are first given a dose to prime the immune system , and then a boost intended to enhance the immune response over time .
the study will enroll 72 healthy adult volunteers into four groups receiving different regimens combining the two vaccine components .
this will allow the investigators to identify the most immunogenic vaccination order and the optimal timing in the heterologous prime-boost regime .
more information on the trial can be found at http : //clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/nct02313077 .
additional clinical studies are planned to begin in the united states later this month and soon after in africa .
the results from these studies , if positive , will allow for the initiation of phase 2 and phase 3 clinical trials in the coming months .
under the existing supply contract with janssen , bavarian nordic has now produced 400,000 doses of its mva-bn filo component that form part of the prime boost vaccination regimen which will become available for use in large-scale clinical trials by april 2015 .
based on the promising yield from the manufacturing of the first batches of mva-bn filo , the company now expects to produce and deliver a total 2 million doses under the contract , where it had previously expected approximately 1 million doses .
phone +45 61 77 47 43 seth lewis , vice president investor relations ( us ) .
phone + 1 978-298-5654 about mva-bn filo mva-bn filo is a multivalent vaccine candidate designed to protect against ebola zaire , ebola sudan and marburg virus .
the vaccine candidate was originally developed in collaboration with the national institute of allergy and infectious diseases , part of the national institutes of health ( nih ) .
in october 2014 , bavarian nordic and janssen entered into a global license and a supply agreement for the mva-bn filo vaccine .
this was part of an overall commitment made by johnson & johnson of up to us $ 200 million to accelerate and significantly expand the production of the preventative ebola vaccine program .
preclinical studies conducted by the nih of a prime-boost vaccination regimen consisting of mva-bn filo and janssen 's advac® technology resulted in complete protection from death due to the ebola virus , which is the cause of the current outbreak in west africa .
each of the vaccine components is a proven technology that has previously been evaluated for immunogenicity and safety when used in humans for other applications .
about mva-bn® mva-bn ( modified vaccinia ankara - bavarian nordic ) is a proprietary and patented vaccine platform technology of bavarian nordic .
mva-bn is a robust and adaptable platform suitable for addressing a wide variety of infectious diseases , including biological threats .
in addition to developing mva-bn as a safer smallpox vaccine ( approved in the eu and canada ) essential to protecting the immune-compromised population , bavarian nordic has conducted more than a dozen preclinical and clinical studies of recombinant mva-bn-based vaccines .
more than 7,500 individuals , nearly 1,000 of whom are immunocompromised , have been vaccinated with mva-bn-based vaccines , showing the platform displays high immunogenicity and a favorable safety profile .
mva-bn has been developed through a decade-long successful public-private partnership between bavarian nordic and the u.s. government .
about bavarian nordic bavarian nordic is an international biotechnology company developing and manufacturing novel cancer immunotherapies and vaccines for infectious diseases .
lead product candidates are prostvac® , an immunotherapy product candidate for advanced prostate cancer that is the subject of an ongoing pivotal phase 3 clinical trial , and imvamune® , a non-replicating smallpox vaccine candidate in phase 3 development , which is being developed and supplied for emergency use to the u.s. strategic national stockpile under a contract with the u.s. government .
the vaccine is approved in canada under the trade name imvamune and in the european union under the trade name imvanex .
bavarian nordic 's shares are listed on nasdaq omx copenhagen under the symbol bava ( reuters : bava.co , bloomberg : bava.dc ) .
the company has a sponsored level 1 adr program listed in the us ( otc ) under the symbol bvnry .
for more information , visit www.bavarian-nordic.com .
forward-looking statements this announcement includes forward-looking statements that involve risks , uncertainties and other factors , many of which are outside of our control that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements .
forward-looking statements include statements concerning our plans , objectives , goals , future events , performance and/or other information that is not historical information .
we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances after the date made , except as required by law .
join 25,000+ insiderssign up for ournewsletter fiercevaccines is a weekly update on the vaccine industry , with a special focus on the innovations revolutionizing the development and production of vaccines .
join 25,000+ lab research professionals who get fiercevaccines via weekly email .
ebolagate before mandating vaccines : what every legislator across the country needs to know 1. these are not the same vaccines legislators received as children .
those early vaccines merely injected a little antigen to stimulate an immune reaction. these are gmo vaccines ( recombinant dna vaccines ) that shoot a mixture of genetically engineered material into the dna making fundamental changes in whoever receives them .
however the synthesis of polio virus in 2002 , made eradication impossible .
it is argued that getting poor countries to expend their scarce resources on an impossible dream over the last 10 years was unethical .
in 2011 , there were an extra 47,500 new cases of npafp .
clinically indistinguishable from polio paralysis but twice as deadly , the incidence of npafp was directly proportional to doses of oral polio received 2. these gmo vaccines are genetically engineering children , forcing pig and insect and virus dna into their human dna mandating vaccines means mandating the genetic engineering of every child and adult in the country .
3. more and more vaccines mean children 's dna is less and less human. is this why autistic children have lost what is the uniqueness of human functioning - thought and speech ?
unvaccinated children and adults are the only ones with 100 % purely human dna .
over millions of years , children have only ever had the dna from their mother and their father. only two parents .
now children now have pig , insect , and virus dna mixed in with dna from their parents. children are now genetically related to pigs , insects and viruses .
thanks to the pharmaceutical industry , pigs , insects and viruses are now also parents of any child who has had lower species dna forced into their human dna by these gmo vaccines. children now have multiple parents , and many from lower species .
human beings know to avoid mating with close relatives because of potential defective offspring when bad genes are combined. but now all children will have the same defective pig and insect and virus dna. what happens when children with pig dna have children with each other children with pig dna and that abnormal dna is brought together ? 4. the gmo vaccines shoot patented intellectual property into children .
monsanto claims to own whatever it contaminates with its gmos if children have patented intellectual property in their dna , who owns their blood or their organs or any other part of them ? who will own their children , in part created from the intellectual property of the pharmaceutical industry ?
5. legislators are opening the flood gates to lawsuits in the us : not informing american parents that patented gmos ( intellectual property ) is being injected into their child is a violation of ip law and contract law on a mass scale .
parents have not been given contracts to sign which would allow for the destruction of their child 's invaluable ip property in the form of their unique , millennia-old human dna .
parents have not had disclosed to them the reality of what these gmo vaccines will do to their child 's unique ip .
parents have not had disclosed to them or signed a contract to agree to having pharmaceutical industry ip forced into their child or whether these biotech corporations will not have proprietary rights over their children 's body and subsequent off spring .
gmo vaccines change the legal terrain for vaccines altogether. while the pharmaceutical industry has gotten doctors , nurses , hospitals , pharmacies and all other who would force vaccine on children and adults immunized from liability , those groups are not protected from lawsuits arising from contract law and ip law violations that have resulted in the unique dna and unique genetic heritage being destroyed. the number and scope of these lawsuits will be enormous .
or who will file to ensure they or their children are not intellectual `` property '' of the pharmaceutical industry. 6. religious legislators , in mandating the gmo vaccines , would be mandating the destruction of god 's creation of man .
legislators would be mandating the destruction of god 's gift to humanity of its precious and incredible dna .
legislators would be mandating the `` mating '' of humans with pigs and other animals , insects , and viruses of kinds , via gmo vaccines forced into children 's dna .
legislators would be working against god 's creation .
and the attack on and insult to religious groups of all kinds through these gmo vaccines is beyond measuring .
7. secular legislators , in mandating of gmo vaccines , would be destroying human dna and setting in motion a biologic catastrophe of hugely destructive consequences for all of mankind .
legislators who believe in evolution and understand the importance of dna , will understand the terrifying implications of bringing together human dna and with the dna of multiple other lower species , including insects and viruses , that would never have occurred through natural evolution .
legislators who believe in evolution will appreciate that the pharmaceutical industry , through gmo vaccines , is unleashing on the world a situation that is beyond dangerous for mankind .
8. problems with information the legislators are receiving : legislators have been lied to by national media , which is being controlled or hugely influenced by the cia .
see video : https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=elgvr5vb2m4
ebola strain evidence shows mit had cure for ebola back in 2011 a major breakthrough out of mit ( massachusetts institute of technology ) shows incredible promise as a cure for virtually every kind of viral infection known to man .
but the mainstream media has chosen to stick with hype , fear and , more recently , the ominous threat of martial law when it comes to [ ... ] the ebola could have escaped from us bio-warfare labs is ebola virus a gmo ?
why does it spread so quickly and travel such great distances ?
what’s going on in the bio-warfare laboratories that the united states have set in west africa ?
are we being told the truth about ebola ?
the leading american law professor francis a. boyle , [ ... ] get ebola news updates in your email email address
in pursuit of next-generation ebola stockpile vaccines single strain vaccines less useful for stockpiles .
world bulletin / news desk as west africa 's devastating ebola outbreak begins to dwindle , scientists are looking beyond the endgame at the kind of next-generation vaccines needed for a vital stockpile to hit another epidemic hard and fast .
determined not to lose scientific momentum that could make the world 's first effective ebola interventions a reality , researchers say the shots , as well as being proven to work , must be cheap , easy to handle in africa and able to hit multiple virus strains .
that may mean shifting focus from the stripped-down , fast-tracked vaccine development ideas that have dominated the past six months , but it must n't mean the field gets bogged down in complexities .
the experimental vaccines now moving into large clinical trials in west africa target the current ebola zaire virus strain , but the next outbreak may be different .
the idea is to have vaccines that will work across different places , '' berkley said .
right now , scientists are grappling with several tricky issues -- partly due to success in cutting new infections in the vast ebola outbreak .
with relatively few new cases , big trials in liberia and sierra leone to test the first generation single-dose one strain vaccines may not have the statistical power needed to show whether the shots work .
and already , early data from safety trials in humans suggest a single-dose vaccination with the most advanced vaccine , from glaxosmithkline , may not provoke an immune response strong enough to protect people exposed to the virus .
this strongly suggests that a two-dose regime , or a so-called `` prime-boost '' approach , is the one likely to prove effective , hill said .
sizeable challenge these and other issues add up to a sizeable to do list for scientists focussing on vaccines for future stockpiles .
producing multi-strain , or multivalent , vaccines that could protect against different types of ebola and other haemorrhagic fevers will be more time consuming than making today 's monovalent shots , but it is by no means impossible .
in fact , several of the candidate ebola vaccines being fast-tracked through testing started out as multivalents before being stripped back to deal with the current outbreak .
another challenge is ensuring vaccines have a long shelf-life and can be easily transported in the tropics .
at the moment , test shots are kept at -70 or -80 degrees celsius , although johnson & johnson says its ebola vaccine can be stored at normal fridge temperature for many weeks .
producing adequate volumes , however , looks manageable .
hopefully , the next time ebola emerges from africa 's forests it will be spotted earlier and immunisation will be needed for perhaps tens of thousands of people -- nothing like the tens of millions who would need vaccines in a worldwide flu pandemic .
finally companies still need a regulatory green light , which gets tricky if large-scale trials fail to produce clear proof that the shots are both safe and effective in people .
researchers and drugmakers say , however , that regulators have made clear stockpile ebola vaccines could be approved on efficacy data from tests in monkeys or other non-human primates plus proof of safety and immune response in humans , reflecting contingency plans for vaccines designed for bioterror attacks .
pursuing tomorrow 's vaccines is not to say one of today 's monovalent shots from gsk , merck or j & j might not yet have a role in ring-fencing lingering pockets of infection in the current epidemic , and perhaps finally stamping it out .
ebola is back in the united states. an american health care worker who contracted ebola from sierra leone is currently being treated at one of the 55 designed ebola treatment centers.the joint commission will update our ebola preparedness resource web page regularly to provide information to our customers and their patients. please check back often for updated information .
13 numbers that show the ebola outbreak is far from over print this article font size - 16 + the world’s worst ebola outbreak is far from over .
while news about ebola has all but disappeared from u.s. tv screens and social media in recent weeks , the deadly virus continues to wreak havoc in west africa .
ebola’s spread has slowed in two of the worst-hit countries , liberia and guinea , and the world health organization ( who ) says the two nations have made progress in isolating patients .
but experts caution that such gains are fragile and easily reversed .
meanwhile , the disease remains rampant in neighboring sierra leone .
the economies of all three west african nations are still reeling from the crisis .
peter piot , one of the scientists who first discovered ebola in 1976 , warned last week that the epidemic could get worse before it gets better .
that is the daunting task we face , ” piot said .
the statistics on the ebola outbreak listed below illustrate the scale of the ongoing health crisis in west africa and remind us that it will take a global effort to defeat the deadly disease .
51 the number of weeks since 2-year-old emile ouamouno died of ebola in guinea .
researchers believe the boy was the first casualty in the current ebola outbreak .
5,987 the number of people who have died in the outbreak as of nov. 28 , according to the who .
however , who director margaret chan has warned that these numbers are a â€œvast underestimateâ€ of the reality .
16,899 the number of cases reported as of nov. 28 , according to the who .
almost all of the cases , and all but 15 of the deaths , have occurred in the three worst-affected countries : guinea , sierra leone and liberia .
family members mourn the death of 12-year-old isata kallon in freetown , sierra leone , nov. 23 , 2014 .
the number of ebola cases is surging in sierra leone , even as guinea and liberia have reported a slight decrease in the spread of the virus .
8 the number of countries in which ebola has been diagnosed : liberia , guinea , sierra leone , nigeria , senegal , spain , the united states and mali .
592 the number of health care workers who have contracted ebola as of nov. 23 .
some 333 medics have been killed by the virus in the three hardest-hit african countries .
guinean red cross workers carry the corpse of an ebola victim in patrice near macenta on nov. 21 , 2014 .
burial workers have also gone on strike in the sierra leonean city of kenema over non-payment of allowances and left 15 bodies outside the main hospital in protest last week .
4,000 the united nations’ estimate of the number of children orphaned by ebola in guinea , liberia and sierra leone .
â€œorphans are usually taken in by a member of the extended family , but in some communities , the fear surrounding ebola is becoming stronger than family ties , â€ unicef’s west and central africa director manuel fontaine pointed out .
1.5 million the number of people who have received aid from the world food programme in ebola-affected areas .
thousands of people are having to break quarantine restrictions in order to get hold of food , the umbrella aid group disasters emergency committee warned last month .
u.s. marines and liberian troops at the construction site of an ebola treatment center on oct. 11 , 2014 in tubmanburg , liberia .
by late november , around 2,200 u.s. troops had already been deployed to the region as part of operation united assistance .
$ 2 billion the world bankâ€™s estimate of the economic cost of the ebola outbreak to sierra leone , liberia and guinea in 2014 and 2015 .
the group’s latest report , released tuesday , warned that the health crisis would slow or wipe out economic growth in the worst-hit countries .
$ 32.6 billion the world bank’s worst case scenario estimate of the cost of the ebola outbreak to the regional economy .
17 percent the percentage of aid pledged by eu institutions to help combat ebola that has actually been delivered , according to anti-poverty group one .
some 73 percent of american aid has been dispersed .
erin hohlfelder , global health policy director at one told the daily beast : “every day that goes by without these resources is a missed opportunity.â€ share this:
ebola 101 : what you may have missed about the virus from the show : er 101 summary : every day there seems to be something new about the ebola virus , which may lead you to question everything you 've previously thought .
air date : october 24 , 2014 duration : 10 minutes guest bio : rade vukmir , md & david pigott , md dr. rade vukmir rade b. vukmir , md , jd , fccp , facep , fache , is chief clinical officer for national guardian risk retention group .
dr. vukmir is the chairman of eci 's education and risk management department .
he holds an academic appointment as professor ( adjunct ) of emergency medicine at temple university .
he has written extensively about ebola and infectious disease in general .
he is board-certified in emergency medicine and critical care medicine and is a fellow of the american college of emergency physicians , american college of chest physicians , and the american college of healthcare executives .
dr. vukmir received medical and legal degrees from the university of pittsburgh in pennsylvania .
he completed a residency program in emergency medicine at the university of pittsburgh , a clinical fellowship in critical care at the university of pittsburgh medical center , and a research fellowship in resuscitation at the safar center for resuscitation research .
he is a certified instructor of advanced cardiac life support , advanced trauma life support , pediatric advanced life support , and the fundamentals of critical care support .
he is the author of 42 , peer-reviewed medical journal articles , as well as seven books .
he is the recipient of the university of pittsburgh affiliated residency and emergency medicine faculty excellence award for 1991 and 1992 .
dr. david pigott david c. pigott , md , facep , is professor of emergency medicine , vice chair for academic development at the university of alabama at birmingham .
dr. pigott has authored multiple articles and book chapters related to viral hemorrhagic fevers , including the ebola virus and serves as a manuscript reviewer on viral hemorrhagic fevers for the lancet .
he is teaching two related courses about ebola and the u.s .
experience and infectious disease at acep 's upcoming scientific assembly conference in chicago .
talk shows un mission to co-ordinate ebola response opens headquarters in ghana a man showing symptoms of ebola waits to be granted entrance at a treatment center in monrovia , liberia , on monday , sept. 29 , 2014 .
this outbreak has spiraled into the worst ever for ebola , and the world health organization says it is has linked more than 3,000 deaths to the disease .
even that frightening figure is likely an underestimate of the true toll , said who .
liberia , sierra leone and guinea have been hit hardest .
senegal and nigeria have also been touched , but have not reported a new case in weeks .
in back-to-back speeches at the united nations on monday , the foreign ministers of liberia and sierra leone described the terrible toll ebola has taken on their efforts to lift their people from poverty and recover from civil wars and pleaded with the international community to continue to sending much-needed aid .
france promised on monday to set up another field hospital in guinea and to send 25 more doctors .
but some say the response is still too slow and haphazard .
the united nations mission for ebola emergency response , also known as unmeer , is now tasked with figuring out where the greatest needs are and making sure aid gets there , said christy feig , director of communications for who , which will play a significant role in the mission .
the head of the mission , anthony banbury , and his team arrived monday in ghana 's capital of accra .
the needs of the outbreak have continually outstripped projections : who says around 1,500 treatment beds have been built or are in the works , but that still leaves a gap of more than 2,100 beds .
between 1,000 and 2,000 international health care workers are needed , and they and local doctors and nurses will require millions of disposable protective suits to stay safe .
thousands of home hygiene kits are also being flown in to help families protect themselves at home .
despite massive promises of aid in recent weeks , many areas have grossly inadequate resources .
for instance nimba county , one of the places ebola has hit hardest in liberia outside the capital , has only one ambulance , and it is often broken down , the county 's medical officer , collins bowah , said monday .
and there remain misunderstandings about the disease that have hindered efforts to slow the disease 's spread .
on monday , sierra leone 's ebola response task force said it learned `` with dismay '' of reports of people in some regions -- including ones put under quarantine recently -- rejoicing that ebola was over .
it warned in a statement that the outbreak is continuing and all measures to contain ebola , like avoiding public gatherings and frequent hand-washing , should be followed .
pop stars record charity single to raise ebola funds text by news wires latest update : 2014-11-15 boy band one direction and u2 lead singer bono joined some of the biggest names in british pop and rock music on saturday to record a new version of the band aid charity song to raise money to combat ebola in africa .
the single , `` do they know it’s christmas ?
the song has been given a makeover , with words to the original version which he co-wrote with midge ure changed to reflect the current crisis .
he said he had spoken to british finance minister george osborne who had agreed to forego the usual tax owed to the government from sales of the record .
everyone’s bleary , pop singers , as george osborne said , are not very good in the morning , '' said geldof , who was frontman for irish new wave band the boomtown rats .
biggest names in the british music the original song from 1984 , which raised 8 million pounds ( $ 11 million ) , featured some of the era’s biggest acts including u2’s bono , george michael and david bowie .
it has been re-recorded twice in 1989 and 2004 .
bono will be joined this time by robert plant , frontman of rock band led zeppelin , coldplay lead singer chris martin and singers ed sheeran and sam smith .
ebola has killed more than 5,000 people since it broke out in west africa earlier this year according to the world health organization , mostly in sierra leone , liberia and guinea .
doctor warns test for ebola has one fatal flaw ad feedback dr. nancy khardouri has been studying and treating infectious diseases for the past 30 years .
she says the test is one of the main concerns with the ebola virus .
even if a person is infected with ebola , test results will be negative until enough of the virus builds up in the person 's body .
so it does n't help you before the symptoms , like many other tests do , '' khardouri , director of infectious disease at eastern virginia medical school , explained .
that means a person infected with ebola can appear to be in good health and enter the country undetected .
what happens after that is up to each individual , but precautions can be taken at the point of entry .
'look , you 're coming from xyz country and therefore if you have fever , you do n't feel well , please just do n't take your time to go see a health care provider , go quickly , ' '' dr. khardouri said .
missionary doctors are helping in the fight against ebola , but what should all christians remember during this time ?
jay milbrandt from bethel university spoke on the issue with cbn news , oct. 20 .
in an effort to prevent ebola from spreading in the united states , the centers for disease control and prevention issued a number of guidelines for hospitals across the country .
topping the list : zeroing in on patients who have been to west africa .
although ebola is only spread through direct contact with bodily fluids , it just takes a drop splashing into the eyes , nose or even on a tiny cut for a person to become infected .
dr. khardouri says the best hope for containing the spread of ebola is the vaccine currently being developed , which could be given on a mass scale as early as six months from now .
until ebola is contained in africa , dr. khardouri says it will continue to spread around the world .
bloomberg business ebola survivors become caregivers , testing their immunity do n't miss out — 5:14 pm edt october 21 , 2014 a health worker takes a baby from his mother to a re-opened ebola holding center in the west point neighborhood in monrovia , liberia , on oct. 17 , 2014 .
photographer : john moore/getty images oct. 22 ( bloomberg ) -- amie subah spends her days feeding ebola patients , giving them medicine and changing children’s diapers at a treatment center in liberia .
her most valuable asset : as an ebola survivor , she believes she is now immune .
that means subah doesn’t need to wear the stifling protective suits that limit doctors’ shifts to 45 minutes , and can spend hours caring for her patients protected by only a blue surgical robe , apron , mask , gloves and red boots .
the physicians’ group , which has treated about a third of the 9,000 people infected in west africa , has never seen a survivor become reinfected with the same strain of virus , said athena viscusi , a social worker for the aid organization who works alongside the survivor caregivers .
furthermore , if the virus evolves , as it has more than 300 times over the years , a loss of immunity can’t be ruled out , said marie-paule kieny , the world health organization’s assistant director-general for health systems and innovation .
scientific evidence “to the best of my knowledge , there has not been a case of a person who has been infected who has recovered and has been infected again , ” kieny said yesterday at a briefing in geneva .
still , she added , “there is really no scientific evidence.” the survival rate during this outbreak is about 30 percent , according to the who .
immunity may stem from antibodies produced by the immune system to help people survive the disease in the first place .
the antibodies are then primed to aggressively fight off any future threat from the same virus .
the who and others are investigating whether survivors’ blood , which would contain these antibodies , can be used to help hold off the disease in the current outbreak .
it can take a long time to fully recover from an ebola infection , said joseph mccormick , who was involved with first three ebola outbreaks in africa in 1976 and ran the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention’s high-security laboratory for a decade .
most patients lose weight and feel weak as a result .
survivor fate there are no known long-term consequences , though few patients have been rigorously followed because the outbreaks were in remote locations , mccormick , a professor and a regional dean at the university of texas school of public health , said in a telephone interview .
the fate of survivors will become more clear following this latest , biggest outbreak , he said .
there has been very little change seen in the virus in fruit bats , its normal host , which suggests those who have recovered will have broad-based immunity , he said .
in addition , the different strains seem to cross-react and thus should cross-protect , offering greater immunity , he said .
while scientists probe the immunity issue , the survivors themselves are plowing ahead , providing valuable services on the ground .
recovery possible british nurse william pooley , who also recovered from ebola , earlier this week returned to sierra leone to work with the u.k.’s king’s health partners in freetown , the bbc reported .
silje lehne michalsen , a norwegian physician with doctors without borders , another survivor , is also determined to return to the field , her father baard michalsen said in a phone interview yesterday .
survivors also have the added advantage of having endured the disease , an experience they can share with patients as they provide hope that recovery is possible , viscusi said .
subah says she often advises her patients that “the more you drink , the more you get strength , ’” she said .
he says he now works at the treatment center from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. , taking care of babies who’ve lost their parents and bathing elderly patients who are too weak to shower .
survivors helping other patients may also serve to reverse the stigma they experience after being discharged , viscusi said .
many have been shunned by their communities , even evicted from their homes by landlords , she said .
daniel kelsall found guilty of stabbing murder of sydney businessman morgan huxley explained : australia 's plan to tackle ebola by sarah scopelianos and tim leslie the risk of ebola spreading to australia is considered low but everywhere from airports to hospitals a wide range of measures are in place to further minimise the risk and plan for a potential outbreak .
the australian medical association has raised questions about the official response , saying it has been chaotic and secretive .
states and territories have their own plans to deal with potential cases but an ebola tsar has been appointed to oversee australia 's response and the federal health department released national guidelines for public health units to combat the virus .
what 's happening at our airports and borders ?
australia is screening passengers who return from west africa ; biosecurity staff ask people who have been to liberia , sierra leone and guinea if they have had contact with ebola patients , and whether they have had a fever in the past 24 hours .
a new system has been set up to alert authorities when australian healthcare workers leave for ebola-affected areas and return to australia .
officials say 15 to 30 travellers are arriving from ebola-affected countries each week .
in the two months to late october , authorities screened more than 900 passengers at 10 australian airports .
travel restrictions have not been recommended for control of ebola but the australian government 's smart traveller website says people should reconsider travel to affected areas and australians in those areas `` should leave while limited commercial options remain available '' .
australia has also suspended its immigration programs from ebola-affected countries , including its humanitarian program , meaning no visas will be issued to people from those countries wishing to travel to australia .
the suspension was announced after an 18-year-old woman who had travelled from west africa to brisbane was hospitalised with a fever ; she tested negative for ebola .
what are airlines doing to stop the spread ?
airline staff are being advised to watch for ill passengers and report people who are suffering from vomiting and diarrhoea .
remember : ebola is spread by direct contact with a person 's bodily fluids .
if a passenger or crew member who has recently travelled in an ebola-affected country suffers symptoms such as a fever , vomiting or diarrhoea , the sick person should be kept separated from others as much as possible , and the crew is advised to wear impermeable disposable gloves for direct contact with blood or other body fluids , and use an eyemask and/or goggles .
if a person suspected of having ebola has travelled on a plane , public health authorities will ask the airline for passenger lists and any incident records .
authorities could contact passengers and crew who were on the flight and cleaners who later cleaned the plane to offer fact sheets , assess the need for medical evaluation and provide advice about self-monitoring their temperature .
but they will focus their attention on tracing any person who reported direct contact with the infected person 's bodily fluids or skin .
according to the communicable disease network australia 's ( cdna ) national guidelines for public health units , authorities should contact passengers who were sitting one seat away in all directions from the person suspected to be infected .
using the same toilet as an infected person is not considered a risk .
however , if there have been significant incidents of vomiting and/or diarrhoea in the plane 's toilets , staff should make an effort to identify these toilets , the associated plane section and people who may have been exposed to the case 's bodily fluids , the guidelines say .
if a crew member is the person suspected of having ebola , authorities will aim to trace passengers seated in the staff member 's area and other staff who had contact with them .
what happens if there 's a suspected case ?
see how australian doctors and nurses are advised to diagnose and test for ebola .
hospital staff will gather information from the patient about symptoms , recent travel and exposure history to ebola .
the patient will be isolated in a single room and staff will contact the state or territory 's health department .
at this stage risk assessments and the need for tests are discussed .
the regional department will notify the national incident room of the case .
the patient is not allowed to leave hospital unless being transferred .
should a patient 's tests come back negative and hospital staff can find no alternative diagnosis for the patient 's illness and suspicions remain , the person will kept in isolation and further tests considered .
while there has been some success with experimental medications in the united states , there are currently no antiviral medications to treat ebola .
the world health organisation says supportive care-rehydration with oral or intravenous fluids improves the chances of survival .
it says a range of potential treatments including blood products , immune therapies and drug therapies are being evaluated .
while waiting for a diagnosis , treating doctors may decide to start therapy for conditions such as malaria or bacterial sepsis .
if hospital staff find an alternative diagnosis or no longer believe the patient has ebola , they will be released from isolation and discharged .
they will be given a fact sheet and contact details for the state/territory public health unit to use should they need them .
a blood test is often the first test , however urine or a swab from the throat or nose can be tested for the virus .
any sample will be sent to the victorian infectious diseases reference laboratory , the only lab of its kind in australia that tests for hemorrhagic fevers like ebola .
it has run exercises to prepare for a `` mass casualty event '' but dr catton says the chances of that happening are `` extremely unlikely '' .
what about anyone the sick person has come into contact with ?
health staff will interview the suspected ebola patient to establish facts like when they started feeling sick , what symptoms they have had , the likely source of infection and their contact with other people .
remember : ebola is only contagious after the infected person starts feeling sick , not as soon as they get the infection .
authorities will aim to identify and contact everyone who has had contact with the patient .
these people will be given information and monitored for symptoms for 21 days after the last exposure to the case .
people living in the patient 's household are considered to be at a low risk and will be asked to take their temperature twice a daily .
usually there are no restrictions on work or movement unless symptoms develop , but restrictions might be considered for healthcare workers or people planning to travel to rural or remote areas with limited access to healthcare .
the situation may be different for people who have had a higher exposure to the patient and their bodily fluids .
should anyone who came in contact with the patient develop symptoms , they must seek medical attention .
what protective clothing do health workers wear ?
health workers are at a much greater risk than the general public as they deal with patients and their bodily fluids in close proximity - and at the end stages of the virus when they are most infectious .
the communicative disease network australia 's guidelines recommend health workers who are treating suspected or confirmed ebola patients cover all their skin using appropriate protective clothing , including : hand hygiene eye protection , for example goggles fluid-repellent surgical facemask p2/n95 respirator for potential aerosol generating or splash procedures face shields leg and shoe coverings overalls hospitals like the royal melbourne are doing daily emergency drills to prepare staff for the possibility of treating an ebola patient .
the hospital 's professor george braitberg says a buddy system has been introduced where a staff member watches the treating healthcare worker put on and take off their protective clothing to avoid cross-contamination .
taking off protective clothing has been identified as one of the key risk points for health workers , as they can come into contact with bodily fluids during the process .
the hospital 's professor mike richards says staff protection has been refined to ensure all skin is covered and headgear includes `` jupiter hoods '' that pump filtered air into a hood over the face for specific procedures and prolonged use .
how would hospitals avoid the infection spreading ?
australia 's new ebola tsar , professor lyn gilbert , is an expert in infectious diseases at the university of sydney ; she will assess and if need be overhaul infection control in all australian hospitals .
there are 14 units across the county with specialist containment facilities where ebola patients will be sent .
there is some variation between individual hospital responses , but they all are following the principals outlined by the communicable disease network australia .
the hospital facilities include measures to prevent the spread of infectious diseases , such as negative pressure - which prevents air escaping into other rooms to and reduces the risk of cross-contamination .
patients presenting with ebola-like symptoms at hospital should be placed single room with a private bathroom and an anteroom with a door closed , according to the guidelines .
in hospitals where such facilities are not available , other arrangements like the use of commodes in the patient 's room and emptying adjacent rooms will occur .
sydney university lecturer in communicable diseases grant hill-cawthorne says normal cleaning products like bleach or anything containing chlorine kill the ebola virus quickly .
dr hill-cawthorne says the handwash solution found on hospital wards would be sufficient for health care workers to use .
items stained or containing body fluid will be treated as clinical waste and double-bagged before leaving the patient 's room .
visitors are to be restricted to a limited number of immediate family members ; and only adults who are well .
obama : you ca n't get ebola 'sitting next to someone on a bus ; ' cdc : 'avoid public transportation ' october 9 , 2014 - 2:44 pm share on facebook share on twitter ( cnsnews.com ) - speaking in a video message to residents of west african countries currently experiencing outbreaks of ebola , president barack obama dispensed advice on how residents can avoid the disease , including : '' you can not get it through casual contact like sitting next to someone on a bus .
listed among their online recommendations for travelers journeying to liberia , guinea , nigeria or sierra leone , the cdc advises travelers who begin to exhibit possible ebola symptoms and choose to visit a doctor to “limit your contact with other people when you travel to the doctor ; avoid public transportation.” the cdc also told travelers with ebola symptoms , “do not travel anywhere except to the doctor’s office or hospital.” “if you get symptoms of ebola , it is important to stay apart from other people and call your doctor right away , ” the website continues .
airplane , ship , long-distance bus , or train ) .
local use of public transportation ( e.g .
taxi , bus ) by asymptomatic individuals should be discussed with the public health authority.” “if travel is approved , the exposed person must have timely access to appropriate medical care if symptoms develop during travel , ” the cdc continued .
the mission of the media research center is to create a media culture in america where truth and liberty flourish .
the mrc is a research and education organization operating under section 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) of the internal revenue code , and contributions to the mrc are tax-deductible .
federal employees and military personnel can donate to the media research center through the combined federal campaign or cfc .
to donate to the mrc , use cfc # 12489 .
visit the cfc website for more information about giving opportunities in your workplace .
ebola : are treatments , vaccines on the horizon ?
webmd health news by rita rubin reviewed by arefa cassoobhoy , md , mph editor 's note : this story was updated on nov. 4 , 2014 , with information about an inhaled vaccine in development as well as new research on an interferon drug .
oct. 3 , 2014 -- as the number of ebola cases continues to grow , people around the world are eager for a treatment or vaccine that could trump the deadly infection .
but only one of the three drugs that have been used to treat people with ebola , tkm-ebola , has even begun testing in humans -- although that’s on hold because of safety concerns .
meanwhile , a trial in healthy volunteers of a fourth drug , which has not yet been given to ebola patients , found that the volunteers had few side effects , and they were okay after taking it .
of the promising vaccines on the horizon , two are being tested for safely in volunteers .
ebola : are treatments , vaccines on the horizon ?
he 's the director of the national institute of allergy and infectious diseases ( niaid ) .
gsk says it will have 15,000 doses available in december , when field testing in liberia is expected to begin , peter jahrling , phd , chief scientist at the niaid integrated research facility , said at an ebola forum on oct. 14 at the johns hopkins bloomberg school of public health .
two variations of the vaccine will be tested .
both use a chimp cold virus to deliver segments of the ebola gene into the volunteers’ cells. the cells take the segment and produce an ebola marker on its surface .
a volunteer’s immune system sees the marker and attacks .
one version of the vaccine uses genetic segments from zaire ebola , the virus species causing the current outbreak , and sudan ebola .
the other version uses only zaire ebola genetic material .
the vaccines can not cause ebola .
vsv-ebov vaccine : the fda in september gave newlink genetics corp. permission to begin the first clinical trials to test the company’s ebola vaccine , which was developed by canada’s public health agency .
in a statement oct. 22 , the nih said human testing was underway at its clinical center in bethesda , md , where adults get two doses .
the walter reed army institute of research in silver spring , md , is testing the vaccine as a single dose , according to the nih .
the vaccine uses a weakened animal virus to deliver ebola proteins to the person , triggering an immune response .
the vaccine ca n't cause a person to become infected with ebola , the nih said .
newlink spokesman brian wiley said oct. 2 that other trials will open soon around the globe .
profectus biosciences vaccine : the office of the assistant secretary for preparedness and response , part of the department of health and human services , will provide about $ 5.8 million , as well as expertise and technical assistance , to further develop the vaccine created by the baltimore company .
the vaccine uses a weakened version of a virus called vesicular stomatitis virus , or vsv , that does not make people sick .
a molecule from the surface of the ebola virus is inserted into the weakened vsv .
after the vaccine is injected , the vsv carries the ebola molecule to cells , which then begin to pump it out , triggering an immune response .
a single dose of the profectus biosciences vaccine has been shown to protect macaque monkeys against ebola and marburg viruses , both of which cause hemorrhagic fever .
inhaled vaccine : researchers at the university of texas at austin’s college of pharmacy have found an inhaled ebola vaccine works well in monkeys .
their findings were published nov. 1 and were being presented at the annual meeting of the american association of pharmaceutical sciences .
the survival rate in ebola-infected monkeys was 100 % 150 days after they received the inhaled vaccine , researchers said .
the next step is testing the inhaled vaccine in people , according to a university news release .
bcx4430 : this antiviral drug is effective against more than 20 viruses , including ebola .
it was developed by biocryst pharmaceuticals , inc. , a company in research triangle park , n.c .
under a 5-year contract awarded in september 2013 -- before the current ebola outbreak -- the niaid will provide up to $ 26.3 million to biocryst to speed the development of bcx4430 for the treatment of ebola , with the first safety trials expected to begin later this year or early next year , according to the nih .
in animal trials , the drug was 100 % effective against marburg , but it was somewhat less effective against ebola , jahrling said .
tkm-ebola : this drug stops the ebola virus from multiplying .
so far , the only people who have received it are people infected with the ebola virus , along with people who participated in a trial that was put on hold after 6 months .
in a sept. 22 statement , mark murray , phd , president and ceo of tekmira pharmaceuticals in vancouver , said “several” ebola patients had received his company’s drug under emergency protocols set up with the fda and health canada .
but , murray said , that “does not constitute controlled clinical trials.” an early-stage safety trial of tkm-ebola began in january in healthy volunteers , but tekmira announced in early july that the fda had put the trial on hold until safety concerns were resolved .
on aug. 7 , though , tekmira said the fda had changed the full hold placed on its ebola drug to a “partial hold.” that action enabled the use of tkm-ebola , shown to be 100 % effective in treating ebola-infected monkeys , to treat people infected with ebola .
jahrling said he expects the safety trial will resume with a lower dose of the drug .
one of the people treated with tkm-ebola was rick sacra , md , an american doctor who became infected with ebola while working in liberia , according to chris kratochvil , md , associate vice chancellor for clinical research at the university of nebraska medical center .
sacra was hospitalized for 3 weeks at the nebraska medical center , the university of nebraska’s teaching hospital in omaha .
he was released sept. 25 after repeated blood tests showed that he was free of the virus .
sacra received a daily infusion of tkm-ebola for 7 days , kratochvil tells webmd .
one of the benefits of giving an untested drug such as tkm-ebola to a patient is “we can get a sense of tolerability , ” kratochvil says .
the first two patients treated with zmapp were kent brantly , md , and nancy writebol , two american medical missionaries who received the drug while hospitalized in liberia .
brantly and writebol were then flown to the u.s. , where in august they were hospitalized at emory university hospital in atlanta .
both recovered and were released .
shortly after brantly and writebol were treated with zmapp , mapp pharmaceuticals announced that the available supply had been exhausted .
on oct. 2 , a department of health and human services official told webmd that the agency “is exploring a variety of options to expand production of zmapp , including working with caliber ( caliber biotherapeutics , a texas company ) and other producers of tobacco-based pharmaceuticals.” jahrling said the company expects to have 12 to 20 doses -- “a drop in the bucket” -- available by december .
brincidofovir ( cmx001 ) : on oct. 6 , the fda okd emergency use of this antiviral drug for people with ebola -- specifically for a liberian national , thomas eric duncan , who was being treated at texas health presbyterian hospital in dallas .
ashoka mukpo , a freelance cameraman who was infected while covering the ebola outbreak in west africa for nbc , also received brincidofovir while being treated at the nebraska medical center .
mukpo recovered and was released from the hospital oct. 22 .
the drug works by keeping viruses from multiplying .
brincidofovir is being tested in clinical trials for effectiveness against cytomegalovirus and adenovirus , but it 's been given to patients with “many other life-threatening viral infections” through an expanded access trial that began in 2012 , according to drugmaker chimerix inc .
it was created to treat smallpox in case of a bioterrorism threat or accidental release .
test-tube experiments done at the cdc and the nih reveal the drug showed effectiveness against ebola , similar to that seen in testing of the drug against adenovirus and smallpox , according to the company. jahrling said enough brincidofovir is available for as many 3,500 courses of treatment .
niaid plans to test the drug in guinea pigs , jahrling said .
avi 7537 : on oct. 16 , sarepta therapeutics , a cambridge , ma , company , announced it had published the results of a trial that found that human volunteers were okay after taking the drug .
it has not yet been given to any ebola patients , but it has been shown to be effective in protecting 60 % to 80 % non-human primates when treatment started an hour after they were infected , jahrling said .
up to 24 treatment courses could be made available soon , he said .
repurposed approved drugs : another treatment option would be off-label use of medications that have already been approved for other conditions .
two anti-hiv medications , azt and 3tc , had been suggested as possible ebola treatments , but jahrling said they “are off the table” because they didn’t have an anti-ebola effect .
one interferon treatment , called alferon , was found by researchers at the u.s. army medical research institute of infectious diseases to protect human cells against ebola , drug-maker hemispherx biopharma said in a statement nov. 3 .
the drug is approved to treat genital warts caused by human papillomavirus ( hpv ) .
but , the drug maker said , clinical trials must be done to measure the drug’s effect in humans .
blood transfusions from ebola survivors : besides tkm-ebola and intensive care , sacra received a transfusion of brantly’s blood , kratochvil said .
brantly himself had received blood from a 14-year-old boy he had treated for ebola who recovered. mukpo and nina pham , a 26-year-old nurse at texas health presbyterian hospital who became infected after treating duncan , also received blood from brantly .
pham also recovered and was released from the national institutes of health in bethesda , md .
the thought behind this treatment is that blood from people who recovered from ebola contains antibodies that could help recipients fight the virus .
last month , at a world health organization conference to discuss potential ebola treatments and vaccines , experts agreed to give further research into the use of whole blood or plasma from recovered patients a top priority .
this approach was first used in 1976 , the year ebola first emerged , but that patient died within days .
during the 1995 ebola outbreak in the democratic republic of congo , whole blood from people who’d recovered from the disease was given to eight patients , and seven survived .
the who also issued a guidance document about this treatment for national health authorities and blood transfusion services in affected countries .
awareness of the kidney disease symptoms in women twitter share on tumblr more services what you need to know about kidney disease symptoms in women : a kidney infection is the worst disease for your body .
it is not only dangerous , but also very painful .
it can happen to anyone but the result and symptoms vary .
in men and in women , both have the different symptoms as well as different results .
whatever the cause will be , you must be aware of the kidney disease symptoms in women so that you can get the cure in the early stage .
generally renal diseases happen due to the less amount of water in the body .
the kidney is a very important organ of our body .
it works as a filter in your body and pass away the waste of your body .
but if your body has the less amount of water , it will be difficult for passing the waste and then it gets stuck in your kidneys and spreads infection .
this will cause discomfort and pain inside your body as well as in a worst case scenario , it can become kidney failure .
kidney disease symptoms in women can be difficult to identify you can prevent kidney disease symptoms in women by identifying the disease at a very early stage .
this disease generally starts very slow and it becomes very hard to notice , but there are some kidney disease symptoms in women that can be noticed , and identify the disease .
the signs of kidney disease symptoms in women are described here with the necessary information .
normally there are two kinds of kidney infections found in the body of women known as pyelonephritis and glomerulonephritis .
you can easily understand this as acute and chronic in nature .
acute infection comes very quickly and can be severe .
the infection due to this spreads very quickly in the body , and the chronic infection runs very slowly and gets worse as the time passes .
it can also make the kidneys fail .
in our bodies , blood vessels filter the bloodstream to produce urine .
acute infection tries to block these vessels so that it will not be able to filter anymore .
then the waste of the body starts collecting in the body and incurs some damage .
that waste starts burning in the body which causes lots of pain , sclerosis , scarring and finally the kidney failure , one of the signs of kidney disease symptoms in women .
this infection can be found in a person , twice , thrice or maybe several times .
this infection generally blocks the urinary tract .
when a patient tries to urinate , it is very painful and uncomfortable .
this is one of the more commonly reported kidney disease symptoms in women that occurs frequently .
this infection usually happens because of a deficiency of water in the body .
people forget to drink the sufficient amount of water because of work , etc. , and thus this infection spreads .
this is also the reason that this disease can happen several times in the same patient .
kidney disease symptoms in women happen between the 20-40 years age groups the specific kidney disease symptoms in women are several pains or aching in the back , fever , chills , dullness and increase in urination .
in case you found such symptoms in your body , you must visit the hospital immediately and have tests by consulting with the experts .
if possible , you must start the treatment as kidney infections before it generally become worse , and as the time passes .
these infections generally happened in the age of 20 to 40 in women .
eating a high protein diet and consuming excess calcium can also be the reason of kidney infection .
however , men are more risky of this infection more than the women .
but that doesn’t mean it is not popular in women .
this disease becomes very popular nowadays as people used to eat unhealthy food like fast food or preservatives , which directly affects your kidneys .
renal disease symptoms in women are not usually noticed right away .
prevention is best when identifying kidney disease symptoms in women by taking treatments after infection , it is best to take precautions before infection , because kidney infections are generally very difficult to cure , so one should take the precautions before getting involved with it .
thus one can be aware of the kidney disease symptoms in women with the help of the above given details .
viewing gallery for - ebola virus victims bleeding displaying < 19 > images for - ebola virus victims bleeding ...
location : space the final frontier : ) posts : 8,391 vcash : 500 the issue about the second case in the us it turns out that she may have not followed proper precautions based on what other nurses are saying .
apparently nurses at the texas presbyterian hospital do not want to be identified for fear of losing their jobs .
they claim that the hospital did not teach proper procedures before telling nurses to go and take blood samples .
the second case she all but ignored procedures and boarded the plane knowing she had not followed precautions .
she likely knew their was a very good chance she was exposed and she went ahead anyways .
facebookemail twitter google+ linkedin pinterest healthcare workers monitored for ebola an american healthcare worker being treated in maryland for ebola is in critical condition as his health continues to get worse .
post to facebook healthcare workers monitored for ebola an american healthcare worker being treated in maryland for ebola is in critical condition as his health continues to get worse .
check out this story on usatoday.com : http : //on.11alive.com/1bcg5b8 cancelsend a link has been sent to your friend 's email address .
a link has been posted to your facebook feed .
published on bioscience technology ( http : //www.biosciencetechnology.com ) home > french medic getting experimental ebola treatment french medic getting experimental ebola treatment the associated press authorities say a french volunteer nurse infected with the ebola virus is receiving experimental drugs .
the nurse , who worked with doctors without borders in liberia , was transferred to france early friday and is being treated in the begin hospital in saint-mande near paris .
she was the first person working with the aid group , also known by its french acronym msf , infected with the virus .
health minister marisol touraine said in a statement friday that the french government has approved the use of experimental treatment .
the ministry did n't say which drugs the nurse is receiving , but has approved the use of zmapp , favipiravir and tkm-100-802 .
france 's government has urged an international response to ebola and is setting up a military hospital in guinea to help .
ebola outbreak 2014 teddy firestone forces families of dead ebola victims to leave homes on liberian … 'the point is that in the uk the law , your labour law , is to defend and protect your citizens , ' he said .
'but our labour law in liberia protects the rights of investors and the workers ' rights are limited .
'if the labour laws were in place there would … read more on daily mail ebola outbreak : mali doctor dies after treating preacher a doctor has died in mali after treating a patient who sparked a second wave of the deadly ebola virus in the country .
the doctor , whose name has not been released , worked at the bamako clinic where an islamic preacher from guinea was admitted last … read more on bbc news british-built ebola hospital in sierra leone only partly operational complaining that “the british … instead of saving lives they have embarked in a huge media campaign.” the latest figures from the ministry of health show confirmed ebola patient numbers have rocketed by 40 % since the hospital opened on 5 november , … read more on the guardian # ebola uk
quote : originally posted by tweto did any one else hear that the same aircraft that transported all of the ebola patients to the us was spotted off loading a patient in fredrick maryland .
all i can find was a 1 paragraph news item that said that another us doctor was flown to the us to be treated at nih ( whatever this is ) .
yes , a news channel mentioned flying someone in that had been exposed to ebola .
the person looked to be wearing a white tyvek suit , mask , etc .
and did n't appear to have any trouble walking to the ambulance .
sent from my ipad using survival forum __________________ ebola outbreak `` out of control '' quote : originally posted by mamato3 yes , a news channel mentioned flying someone in that had been exposed to ebola .
the person looked to be wearing a white tyvek suit , mask , etc .
and did n't appear to have any trouble walking to the ambulance .
sent from my ipad using survival forum nih is the national institute of health .
it 's right across the street from walter reed / bethesda .
it 's a huge research institute for early clinical trials and diagnoses and treatment of rare diseases .
the doctor was bought there just in case for quarantine .
however , if he was to develop ebola , they would study the progression and evaluate effectively treating it at earlier stages .
part of this structure was made for exactly this senario .
not only is the nih there but the human genome project was conducted in that area and lots of private sector research goes on in that area .
you got 100 % on the ebola exam !
we need to be thinking long [ er ] term .
if the virus gets here ( some are predicting that by the end of the month - and why have reports of potential cases dried up in the media ?
your neighbor may not practice good isolation/preparedness and spread it to people who will then spread it to others , etc .
prepping for 21-42 days wo n't cut it .
winter is right around the corner for the us .
most of us will need to heat our homes and we wo n't be able to walk into the garden ( if we have one ) and pick fresh veggies & fruit for our evening meal .
what if we face quarantines here , trucks are n't running to deliver fuel and all the other necessities of our daily life ?
on and on and ... just think about the `` what if 's '' that are most concerning to you .
no lettuce for a salad ?
how about sprouts which can be grown anywhere indoors if you have seeds .
can you cook up stored rice and bullion for fido ?
each of us have unique situations .
why not spend some time this weekend outlining your situation and how you will address those issues .
i have lots of work to do on mine ... . a lot of us are prepped for a yr or more inc enough pet food in 50 gallon barrels .
weak areas include no ham radio .
we will have a small camper for late comers fenced off .
i will dig a trench beside it and attach a steel cable i have over and down to the frame .
anybody dying in the trailer we 'll pull it over into the trench and torch it .
the downside is the winds normal direction is towards the house .
the hospital is following all centers for disease control and texas department of heath recommendations to ensure the safety of patients , hospital staff , volunteers , physicians and visitors .
the cdc anticipates preliminary results tomorrow. yes , this is worrisome .
even if it 's not airborne , they are still infectious .
i guess we will find out more tomorrow .
i 'm going to be watching this closely .
this is too close for comfort .
work on getting something better .
quote : originally posted by tweto did any one else hear that the same aircraft that transported all of the ebola patients to the us was spotted off loading a patient in fredrick maryland .
all i can find was a 1 paragraph news item that said that another us doctor was flown to the us to be treated at nih ( whatever this is ) .
has anyone else noticed the irony that these ebola patients are brought here covered head to toe in protective gear yet who/cdc are saying that there is no possibility of transmission from sitting next to someone on an airplane for hours and hours and hours ... . ? ? ? ?
us ebola patient dies thomas eric duncan the first person to be diagnosed with the ebola virus on us soil , thomas eric duncan has died from the disease .
mr. duncan’s death was revealed by the texas health presbyterian hospital in dallas where he was … read more ... ...
inventory of potentially deadly pathogens such as ebola virus , anthrax bacteria ... www.washingtonpost.com/ wp-dyn/ content/ article/ 2009/ 06/ 17/ ar2009061703271.html - proxy - highlight the vials contained some dangerous pathogens , among them the ebola virus , ... a spot check in january found 20 samples of the virus in a box of vials ... and less lethal agents such as venezuelan equine encephalitis virus and the
learn about ebola and other deadly diseases !
tue , 28 oct 2014 22:08:57 +0000 en-us
bing ebola.com www.ebola.com us healthcare worker with ebola in serious condition at nih .
despite widespread concern surrounding the ebola virus , people face a more serious health threat , ...
questions and answers on ebola | ebola hemorrhagic fever | … www.cdc.gov/vhf/ebola/outbreaks/2014-west-africa/qa.html ... protect yourself by following cdc’s advice for avoiding contact with the blood and body fluids of people who are ill with ebola .
but now they are also concerned about finding enough ebola patients to meet ... they had to find ebola survivors ...
some people have been misled by rumors that ... ... in which mourners have direct contact with the body of the deceased person can also play a role in the transmission of ebola .
people remain ... are also at risk ... related searches for ebola people also search for is it flu or ebola ?
people with flu can spread the .
virus before and during their illness .
ebola victims ressurect during burial adams odunayo , 5 months ago share on facebook share on twitter panic has taken over a community in liberia when two ebola victims suddenly rose back to life from death .
panic is spreading in an african village that ebola patients are rising from the dead .
this is a file picture of an ebola victim the villagers who believed two female victims of the killer disease have been resurrected and are now walking among the living were shocked at the incident when it happened .
mirror reports that the victims , who are both females in their 40s and 60s , died of the deadly virus in separate communities in nimba county , liberia .
read also : ebola : heartbreaking photos from liberia but the pair were said to have risen from their deaths and are now walking among the living , causing panic and fear among locals .
the two victims , late dorris quoi of hope village community and ma kebeh , in her late 60s , were about to be taken for burial when they resurrected from the dead , according to the new dawn nimba county , a local newspaper .
ma kebeh was reported to be indoors for two nights without food and medication before her alleged death .
however , it would be worthy to note that nimba county has recently reported unusual news of ebola cases , including one about a native doctor from the county , who claimed that he could cure infected victims , dying of the virus himself last week .
the local tabloid however made it known that since the ebola outbreak in nimba county , this is the first incident of dead victims resurrecting .
the ebola outbreak has already killed around 2,800 people in five west african countries this year , while an estimated 5,800 people have been infected with the virus , which has no known cure .
america’s respected centres for disease control ( cdc ) and prevention has predicted there could be up to 1.4million cases of deadly ebola by the end of january .
the cdc , which successfully treated two us doctors infected with the disease , released the worrying report based on assumptions that cases have been dramatically under reported .
the centre’s scientists believe there may be as many as 21,000 reported and unreported cases in just liberia and sierra leone alone by the end of this month .
the world health organisation has already warned the number of people infected with the ebola could reach 20,000 by the beginning of november if steps to contain the outbreak are not accelerated .
the ebola fighters are time ? s person of the year for 2014. http : //t.co/0s4pqnyyea # timepoy pic.twitter.com/lnj4oljmc1 tap to watch a video explaining the finalists if you 're viewing on the news app .
the award is meant to honor someone with a profound influence on that year 's news events .
though time allows its readers to voice their opinion by voting , the choice is ultimately down to the magazine 's editors .
it is not unheard of for a group or type of individuals to receive the award rather than one person .
it has happened about a dozen times since the award 's inception in 1927 , with about half of those in the last twelve years .
other finalists included apple ceo tim cook , singer taylor swift , nfl commissioner roger goodell , russian president vladimir putin , massoud barzani ( president of the iraqi kurdistan region ) and jack ma , founder of the chinese tech giant alibaba .
the title is wide-reaching and refers to all who helped fight the disease , time said .
nina pham , the dallas nurse who contracted the disease while treating an ebola patient , said she was honored to be among those receiving the award .
pham was released from the hospital after her recovery in october .
so honored to be a part of @ time magazine 's poy !
? read the ebola nurses ' stories http : //t.co/vmrxil0zuo `` # ebolafighters — nina pham ( @ nina_pham ) december 10 , 2014 the announcement , written by time editor nancy gibbs , portrayed the health care workers as the bright light among a poorly handled epidemic .
national obama administration resists ebola travel ban even as other nations restrict entry dr. anthony fauci , director of the national institute of allergy and infectious diseases , maintained that an ebola-related travel ban would have “downsides” as he made the rounds on the sunday talk shows .
scott applewhite ) more > by valerie richardson - the washington times - sunday , october 19 , 2014 more than two dozen countries in africa , the caribbean and elsewhere have instituted ebola-related travel bans , but public health officials continued to insist sunday that entry restrictions would do little to help prevent an outbreak on u.s. soil .
dr. anthony fauci , head of the national institute of allergy and infectious diseases , maintained that a travel ban would have “downsides” as he made the rounds on the sunday talk shows .
you can go to one of the other countries and then get back in .
so when they come in from a place where you know you can track them , you know [ where they are ] .” rep. tim murphy , the pennsylvania republican who helped lead an oversight hearing thursday on the ebola outbreak , argued that a travel restriction was needed to “protect and defend the people of the united states.” “the president has sealed off israel in the past .
we’ve sealed off other areas temporarily .
we can have travel restrictions until we get the rest right , and the rest is not right , ” mr. murphy said on fox news sunday .
most of the travel bans are within africa , but other countries with restrictions include several caribbean nations , including jamaica , as well as belize and guyana .
the ivory coast has closed its land borders but recently lifted its prohibition on passenger flights from guinea , liberia and sierra leone , according to international sos .
dr. michael osterholm of the university of minnesota school of public health said a travel ban would “seriously impact our ability to get people in and out of that area.” “if you’re prepared today to give us hundreds of military planes that will fly in and out at will when we need them to move not only material but people , then i’ll say , ‘maybe we ought to reconsider this , ’” said dr. osterholm .
the ability of the u.s. military to move goods and supplies is pretty massive .
we all want to stop ebola in africa , but we also don’t want it to come here.” a number of lawmakers have called for a halt on travel from those coming from ebola-plagued west african nations , but mr. obama said saturday that such a ban “could actually make the situation worse.”
home » ebola » interesting facts about the ebola virus » interesting facts about the ebola virus photo download interesting facts about the ebola virus download interesting facts about the ebola virus at 1170 x 712 resolution .
liked 676 times on 246 posts likes given : 937 stock up on pedia-lite and gatorade and other such drinks that can be taken orally during the initial phases .
iv 's pose a problem for some of us , but my son is an emt , so we are covered there as well .
the real struggle would be waste disposal in a non-hospital environment .
bodily secretions in high volume , especially if more than one person were ill would overwhelm a household .
i can not imagine what the people in africa are suffering through .
it must be truly terrible .
the latest is 709 dead officially .
still no controls on air travel , and that really disturbs me .
it is like they are inviting this disease to travel throughout the world .
a 4 week moratorium on air travel would basically insure this virus would not reach europe or america .
i hate to prescribe sinister motives to any situation , but ebola on an airplane is as dangerous as any biological threat we have faced in history .
like some others , i have questions as to just how these doctors contracted the disease .
if it is only able to be transmitted through fluids , how did they , of all people , get infected ?
in the meantime , we will be getting everything for any pandemic .
h7n9 has killed a lot of people in china recently ( bird flu ) .
that is another very dangerous one , especially if it becomes airborne .
virtually any virus of a 30 % mortality rate that becomes airborne would be disastrous for the world .
the economic damage would surpass the human toll .
let 's hope none of this stuff becomes a nightmare in our time .
these individuals can be `` detained for such time and in such manner as may be reasonably necessary '' .
in other words , the federal government already has the authority to round people up against their will , take them to detention facilities and hold them there for as long as they feel it is `` reasonably necessary '' .
in addition , as you will read about below , the federal government has the authority `` to separate and restrict the movement of well persons who may have been exposed to a communicable disease to see if they become ill '' .
if you want to look at these laws in the broadest sense , they pretty much give the federal government the power to do almost anything that they want with us in the event of a major pandemic .
of course such a scenario probably would not be called `` martial law '' , but it would probably feel a lot like it .
they deserve the best treatment available , just hope they 've covered all possibilities .
revwc , i ca n't imagine any government would want this to happen , it 'd be like ants destroying aphids .
they may want to control us but ca n't see them purposely killing a major portion of the population , which would include gov't employees .
like padre , my biggest fear is that they do n't get ahead of this outbreak .
there would n't be enough hospitals , camps or whatever if it really takes hold .
compositions are provided that are operable as immunogens to elicit and immune response or protection from ebobun challenge in a subject such as a primate .
inventive methods are directed to detection and treatment of ebobun infection .
description related applications this application claims priority benefit of u.s .
provisional application 61/108,175 filed 24 oct. 2008 ; the contents of which are hereby incorporated by reference .
deposit statement the invention provides the isolated human ebola ( hebola ) viruses denoted as bundibugyo ( ebobun ) deposited with the centers for disease control and prevention ( “cdc” ; atlanta , ga. , united states of america ) on nov. 26 , 2007 and accorded an accession number 200706291 .
this deposit was not made to an international depository authority ( ida ) as established under the budapest treaty on the international recognition of the deposit of microorganisms for the purposes of patent procedure , and is a non-budapest treaty deposit .
the deposited organism is not acceptable by american type culture collection ( atcc ) , manassas , va. , an international depository authority ( ida ) as established under the budapest treaty on the international recognition of the deposit of microorganisms for the purposes of patent procedure .
samples of the stated deposit accession no .
200706291 will be made available to approved facilities for thirty years from the date of deposit , and for the lifetime of the patent issuing from , or claiming priority to this application .
field of the invention the invention is related to compositions and methods directed to a novel species of human ebola ( hebola ) virus .
background of the invention the family filoviridae consists of two genera , marburgvirus and ebolavirus , which have likely evolved from a common ancestor1 .
the genus ebolavirus includes four species : zaire , sudan , reston and côte d'ivoire ( ivory coast ) ebolaviruses , which have , with the exception of reston and côte d'ivoire ebolaviruses , been associated with large hemorrhagic fever ( hf ) outbreaks in africa with high case fatality ( 53-90 % ) 2 .
viruses of each species have genomes that are at least 30-40 % divergent from one another , a level of diversity that presumably reflects differences in the ecological niche they occupy and in their evolutionary history .
identification of the natural reservoir of ebolaviruses remains somewhat elusive , although recent pcr and antibody data suggest that three species of arboreal fruit bats may be carriers of zaire ebolavirus3 .
no data has yet been published to suggest reservoirs for the sudan , reston and côte d'ivoire ebolavirus species .
however , a cave-dwelling fruit bat has been recently implicated as a natural host for marburgvirus4 , 5 , supporting the hypothesis that different bat species may be the reservoir hosts for the various filoviruses .
filovirus outbreaks are sporadic , sometimes interspersed by years or even decades of no apparent disease activity .
the last new species of ebolavirus was discovered 14 years ago ( 1994 ) , in cote d'ivoire ( ivory coast ) , and involved a single non-fatal case , a veterinarian who performed an autopsy on an infected chimpanzee found in the tai forest6 .
no further disease reports have been associated with côte d'ivoire ebolavirus , in contrast to zaire and sudan ebolaviruses which have each caused multiple large outbreaks over the same time period .
in late november 2007 , hf cases were reported in the townships of bundibugyo and kikyo in bundibugyo district , western uganda .
the outbreak continued through january 2008 , and resulted in approximately 149 cases and 37 deaths2 .
laboratory investigation of the initial 29 suspect-case blood specimens by classic methods ( antigen capture , igm and igg elisa ) and a recently developed random-primed pyrosequencing approach identified this to be an ebola hf outbreak associated with a new discovered ebolavirus species .
these specimens were negative when initially tested with highly sensitive real-time rt-pcr assays specific for all known zaire and sudan ebolaviruses and marburg viruses .
this new species is referred to herein as “the bundibugyo species” , abbreviated “ebobun” .
accordingly , compositions and methods directed to the new ebola virus species are described herein and the most closely related ebola ivory coast species , which compositions and methods are useful for diagnosis and prevention of human ebola virus infection ; including related vaccine development , and prevention of hemorrhagic fever in a human population .
summary of the invention the present invention is based upon the isolation and identification of a new human ebola virus species , ebobun .
ebobun was isolated from the patients suffering from hemorrhagic fever in a recent outbreak in uganda .
the isolated virus is a member of the filoviridae family , a family of negative sense rna viruses .
accordingly , the invention relates to the isolated ebobun virus that morphologically and phylogenetically relates to known members filoviridae .
in one aspect , the invention provides the isolated ebobun virus deposited with the centers for disease control and prevention ( “cdc” ; atlanta , ga. , united states of america ) on nov. 26 , 2007 and accorded an accession number 200706291 , as stated in the paragraph entitled “deposit statement” supra .
in another aspect , the invention provides the complete genomic sequence of the hebola virus ebobun .
in a related aspect , the invention provides nucleic acid molecules isolated from ebobun , or fragments thereof .
in another aspect , the invention provides proteins or polypeptides that are isolated from the ebobun , including viral proteins isolated from cells infected with the virus but not present in comparable uninfected cells ; or fragments thereof .
in one embodiment of the present invention , the amino acid sequences of the proteins or polypeptides are set forth in seq id nos : 2-9 and 59 , or fragments thereof .
in a related aspect , the invention provides an isolated polypeptide encoded by the nucleic acid molecule of the inventive hebola eboic ( sequence id no .
10 ) virus described above .
in another aspect , the invention provides the complete genomic sequence of the hebola virus eboic .
in a related aspect , the invention provides nucleic acid molecules isolated from eboic , or fragments thereof .
in another aspect , the invention provides proteins or polypeptides that are isolated from the eboic , including viral proteins isolated from cells infected with the virus but not present in comparable uninfected cells ; or fragments thereof .
in one embodiment of the present invention , the amino acid sequences of the proteins or polypeptides are set forth in seq id nos : 11-19 , or fragments thereof .
in a related aspect , the invention provides an isolated polypeptide encoded by the nucleic acid molecule of the inventive hebola eboic virus described above .
in other aspects , the invention relates to the use of the isolated hebola virus for diagnostic and therapeutic methods based on ebbun , eboic , or a combination thereof .
in one embodiment , the invention provides a method of detecting in a biological sample an antibody immunospecific for the genus of west afrin ebola species constituting hebola ebbun and eboic virus using at least one the inventive isolated hebola virus described herein , or any of the inventive proteins or polypeptides as described herein .
in another specific embodiment , the invention provides a method of screening for an antibody which immunospecifically binds and neutralizes hebola ebobun .
such an antibody is useful for a passive immunization or immunotherapy of a subject infected with hebola .
in another aspect , the invention provides an isolated antibody or an antigen-binding fragment thereof which immunospecifically binds to the hebola virus of the invention described above .
in other aspects , the invention provides methods for detecting the presence , activity or expression of the glade of bundibungyo-ivory coast hebola virus in a biological material , such as cells , blood , saliva , urine , feces and so forth ; and specifically at least one of ebbun or eboic .
in a related aspect , the invention provides a method for detecting the presence of the inventive hebola virus described above in a biological sample , the method includes ( a ) contacting the sample with an agent that selectively binds to a west african hebola virus ; and ( b ) detecting whether the compound binds to the west african hebola virus in the sample .
in another aspect , the invention provides a method for detecting the presence of the inventive polypeptide described above , in a biological sample , said method includes ( a ) contacting the biological sample with an agent that selectively binds to the polypeptide ; and ( b ) detecting whether the agent binds to the polypeptide in the sample .
in another aspect , the invention provides a method for detecting the presence of a first nucleic acid molecule derived from the inventive hebola virus described above in a biological sample , the method comprising : ( a ) contacting the biological sample with an agent that selectively binds to the polypeptide ; and ( b ) detecting whether the agent binds to the polypeptide in the sample .
in another aspect , the invention provides a method for propagating the hebola virus in host cells comprising infecting the host cells with the inventive isolated hebola virus described above , culturing the host cells to allow the virus to multiply , and harvesting the resulting virions .
also provided by the present invention are host cells infected with the inventive hebola virus described above .
in another aspect , the invention provides a method of detecting in a biological sample the presence of an antibody that immunospecifically binds hebola virus , the method comprising : ( a ) contacting the biological sample with the inventive host cell host described above ; and ( b ) detecting the antibody bound to the cell .
in another aspect , the invention provides vaccine preparations , comprising the inventive hebola virus , including recombinant and chimeric forms of the virus , nucleic acid molecules comprised by the virus , or protein subunits of the virus .
the invention also provides a vaccine formulation comprising a therapeutically or prophylactically effective amount of the inventive hebola virus described above , and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier .
in one embodiment , the invention provides a vaccine formulation comprising a therapeutically or prophylactically effective amount of a protein extract of the inventive hebola virus described above , or a subunit thereof ; and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier .
in another , the invention provides a vaccine formulation comprising a therapeutically or prophylactically effective amount of a nucleic acid molecule comprising the nucleotide sequence of seq id no : 1 or a complement thereof , and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier .
in another , the invention provides a vaccine formulation comprising a therapeutically or prophylactically effective amount of a nucleic acid molecule comprising any of inventive the nucleotide sequences as described above , or a complement thereof , and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier .
in a related aspect , the invention provides an immunogenic formulation comprising an immunogenically effective amount of the inventive hebola virus described above , and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier .
in another related aspect , the invention provides an immunogenic formulation comprising an immunogenically effective amount of a protein extract of the inventive hebola virus described above or a subunit thereof , and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier .
in another related aspect , the invention provides an immunogenic formulation comprising an immunogenically effective amount of a nucleic acid molecule comprising the nucleotide sequence of seq id no : 1 or a complement thereof , and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier .
in another related aspect , the invention provides an immunogenic formulation comprising an immunogenically effective amount of a nucleic acid molecule comprising the inventive nucleotide sequence as described above or a complement thereof , and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier .
in another related aspect , the invention provides an immunogenic formulation comprising an immunogenically effective amount of any of the inventive polypeptides described above .
in another aspect , the present invention provides pharmaceutical compositions comprising antiviral agents of the present invention and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier .
in a specific embodiment , the antiviral agent of the invention is an antibody that immunospecifically binds hebola virus or any hebola epitope .
in another specific embodiment , the antiviral agent is a polypeptide or protein of the present invention or nucleic acid molecule of the invention .
in a related aspect , the invention provides a pharmaceutical composition comprising a prophylactically or therapeutically effective amount of an anti-hebola ebobun agent and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier .
the invention also provides kits containing compositions and formulations of the present invention .
thus , in another aspect , the invention provides a kit comprising a container containing the inventive immunogenic formulation described above .
in another aspect , the invention provides a kit comprising a container containing the inventive vaccine formulation described above .
in another , the invention provides a kit comprising a container containing the inventive pharmaceutical composition described above .
in another , the invention provides a kit comprising a container containing the inventive vaccine formulation described above .
in another , the invention provides a method for identifying a subject infected with the inventive hebola virus described above , comprising : ( a ) obtaining total rna from a biological sample obtained from the subject ; ( b ) reverse transcribing the total rna to obtain cdna ; and ( c ) amplifying the cdna using a set of primers derived from a nucleotide sequence of the inventive hebola virus described above .
the invention further relates to the use of the sequence information of the isolated virus for diagnostic and therapeutic methods .
in another aspect , the present invention provides methods for screening antiviral agents that inhibit the infectivity or replication of hebola virus or variants thereof .
the invention further provides methods of preparing recombinant or chimeric forms of hebola .
yifang567 featured by owner edited sep 28 , 2014 student digital artist draw to shi painter ver2.04 .
share this story ebola and marburg scares negatively affecting tourism industry the negative news concerning ebola and marburg in uganda has made the hospitality and tourism sectors experience a tough year .
the negative news on ebola and marburg has made the hospitality and tourism sectors experience a tougher year than anticipated .
players from the tourism and hospitality industries believe there must be a strategy to counteract the negative publicity which if done well would translate into increase revenues for the country. posted : 3 days 9 hours 1752 views posted : 4 days 10 hours 1593 views posted : 4 days 1 hour 1478 views
please ensure that you check the health ... www.health.govt.nz/system/files/documents/pages/15_02_04_updated ... you can only get ebola from touching bodily fluids from a person who is sick with or has died from ebola , ... ebola odh infographic for travelers and schools www.ohio.edu/ ... /ebola-odh-infographic-for-travelers-schools-1.docx because ebola is not spread through the air , it is very unlikely you will get sick unless you have traveled liberia , sierra leone or guinea in west africa and were ... www.hudsonhospital.org/documents/uploads/ebola_faq_for_external ... ebola virus disease is a rare and severe viral disease .
you can only get ebola from : touching the blood or bodily fluids of a person who is sick with or has died from ebola .
www.mass.gov/eohhs/docs/dph/emergency-prep/ebola/cdc-flyer.docx study guide questions for “the hot zone ...
describe the first known emergence of the ebola virus .
how did it get its name ?
albionapbiology.pbworks.com/w/ ... /study ... hot_zone.doc ebola .
you can only get ebola from touching bodily fluids from a person who is sick with .
or has died from ebola , or from exposure to contaminated objects , ... healthservices.appstate.edu/files/filecabinet/folder20/ebola ... cdph ebola traveler screening from draft revised 11/05/2014 .
www.ct.gov/dph/lib/dph/communications/cerc/screening_tool_for ... resources currently available on ebola and mental health and psychosocial support at mhpss.net – thursday 09 october 2014 .
we have quite a lot of ... mhpss.net/ ? get=81/ebola-resource-list-oct-09-2014.docx mariama also heard that white people were making up the idea of ebola in order to get people to come into the treatment centers so they could harvest their organs and ... chenetwork.org/eboladocs/english/ebola % 20lesson % 20- % 20english.doc who is credited with discovering the virus ?
how did it get to the usa ?
latest videos about ebola disease and protection wed , 18 mar 2015 01:00:58 +0000 en-us
home / africa / news / cyclist to travel across accra , lagos to raise funds for ebola victims cyclist to travel across accra , lagos to raise funds for ebola victims — nov 25 , 2014 | leave a comment yemi oyekoya , a lagos-based cyclist , on tuesday said he would embark on over 1 , 000 km journey from ghana to nigeria to raise funds for the fight against ebola virus disease ( evd ) .
oyekoya told the news agency of nigeria ( nan ) in lagos that the journey would be used to create more awareness for the fight against the evd and assist its victims .
according to oyekoya , the journey will begin on dec. 19 in accra and end in lagos on jan. 15 , 2015 .
ebola hemorrhagic fever receive the latest and greatest in women 's health and wellness from empowher - for free !
ebola hemorrhagic fever krisha mccoy , ms definition ebola hemorrhagic fever is a severe viral disease .
it can occur in humans and animals .
causes it is caused by the ebola virus .
humans can get the virus through contact with infected animals , humans , or needles .
virus attack on cell © 2009 nucleus medical art , inc. risk factors the following factors increase your chances of developing ebola hemorrhagic fever : travel to an area where an outbreak has occurred ( almost all cases of ebola hemorrhagic fever have occurred in africa ; no cases have ever been reported in the us ) exposure to healthcare settings in which a person with ebola hemorrhagic fever has been treated contact with another person who has ebola hemorrhagic fever symptoms if you experience any of these do not assume it is due to ebola .
these symptoms may be caused by other , less serious health conditions .
symptoms of ebola may include : fever internal and external bleeding diagnosis your doctor will ask about your symptoms and medical history .
a physical exam will be done .
if you may have been exposed to the virus and have symptoms and to the virus , your doctor will notify health officials .
this will include the local health department and the centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) .
you will be isolated to prevent the spread of the disease .
tests may include the following : blood tests to identify the virus blood tests to identify antibodies for the virus treatment there is no cure .
your treatment will include therapy for symptoms you are experiencing .
this may include : iv fluids and electrolytes oxygen and blood pressure support treatment for any complicating infections prevention to help reduce your chances of getting ebola hemorrhagic fever , take the following steps : avoid traveling to an area that is experiencing an outbreak .
if you are a healthcare worker , wear protective clothing .
this includes masks , gloves , gowns , and goggles .
avoid contact with anyone who may have been exposed to the ebola virus .
nurse treated for ebola to sue texas hospital monday , march 2 , 2015 doreen mccallister / npr photo by uncredited ap nina pham , 26 , who became the first person to contract ebola within the united states , tells the dallas morning news that she worries about continued health issues and will sue the hospital where she contracted ebola .
nurse nina pham tells the dallas morning news that while she is ebola free , she suffers residual effects from contracting the disease from a patient she cared for last fall at texas health presbyterian hospital dallas .
pham 's patient , thomas eric duncan , was the first person in the united states diagnosed with ebola .
duncan contracted ebola in liberia and later traveled to dallas .
pham , 26 , was the first person to contract ebola on u.s. soil .
pham tells the paper in an interview published saturday that she will file a lawsuit monday in dallas county against texas health resources , the parent company of the dallas hospital where she worked .
she says the hospital lacked proper training and proper equipment .
she also says the hospital violated her privacy — making her `` a symbol of corporate neglect — a casualty of a hospital system 's failure to prepare for a known and impending medical crisis .
we continue to support and wish the best for her , and we remain optimistic that constructive dialogue can resolve this matter .
pham wants unspecified damages for physical pain and mental anguish , medical expenses and loss of future earnings .
she was treated at the national institutes of health in bethesda , md .
before heading back to texas , pham met president obama at the white house , where he embraced her .
she had hugged dr. anthony fauci , director of the national institute of allergy and infectious diseases at nih , earlier in the day .
the embrace was as much to combat the stigma surrounding the deadly virus as to celebrate her being free of ebola .
to see more , visit http : //www.npr.org/ .
home » ebola virus videos » the fight against ebola ( full length ) the fight against ebola ( full length ) you must be logged in to post a comment .
or ebola word tags home the information on this website is derived from many sources .
all information published by killebolavirus.com on its website is for informational and educational purposes only .
readers are encouraged to confirm the information contained herein with other sources .
patients and consumers should review the information carefully with their professional health care provider .
the information is not intended to replace medical advice offered by physicians .
killebolavirus will not be liable for any direct , indirect , consequential , special , exemplary , or other damages arising from the use or misuse of any material or information published on this website .
any references to trademarks/copyright remain the property of their holders .
a worried world watches as ebola death toll rises ; liberia declares emergency a nurse in nigeria .
a businessman in saudi arabia .
a spanish priest in liberia .
with the world health organization announcing wednesday that 932 deaths had been reported or confirmed as a result of ebola hemorrhagic fever , saudi arabia joined the list of [ read more ... ] a worried world watches as ebola death toll rises ; liberia declares emergency a nurse in nigeria .
a businessman in saudi arabia .
a spanish priest in liberia .
with the world health organization announcing wednesday that 932 deaths had been reported or confirmed as a result of ebola hemorrhagic fever , saudi arabia joined the list of [ read more ... ] a worried world watches as ebola death toll rises ; cdc on highest level of alert a spanish priest in liberia .
with the world health organization announcing the news of the nurse’s death came the same day that nigeria confirmed another five cases of ebola , the health ministry said .
meanwhile , a spanish priest who contracted [ read more ... ]
ebola strain 1 iowan quarantined for ‘some risk’ of ebola after traveling public health officials in iowa are closely watching one iowan who has recently traveled to a west african country and was at “some risk” of being exposed to ebola .
as of thursday , nov. 6 , the iowa department of public health said 12 travelers who had visited either sierra leone , liberia or [ ... ] get ebola news updates in your email email address
best of british : irrefutable reasons to be proud of uk aid when britain is congratulated for doing something extraordinary you want to hear what it is we 've done ... mr gates robustly applauded the uk 's historic contributions to global health through its strong commitment to overseas aid .
this can be seen with the uk 's current response to the ebola crisis .
but he particularly highlighted the uk 's remarkable contribution to the huge progress made in tackling malaria - the oldest and deadliest disease - which in the past 15 years has seen child deaths cut in half and over three million young lives saved .
see the countries affected by the 2014 ebola outbreak on a map sat , 07 mar 2015 12:04:47 +0000 en-us
firstpost a day after the first ebola case was reported , government decided to tighten steps to prevent its outbreak and set up a three-member panel to plug gaps at airports .
2014 ebola outbreak nov 18 , 2014 on the country 's southern border with guinea , the enemy is not armed jihadists , but the ebola virus , which has sparked a national crisis .
2014 ebola outbreak nov 16 , 2014 british troops fighting the ebola outbreak in west africa are being given an anti-malarial drug banned in the us , putting them at grave risks , a report said .
fear , confusion grip guinea as ebola death toll rises updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:18 ebola had never spread among humans in west africa before february but `` as a result , a number of ebola victims have been health workers .
survivors , families witnessing their colleagues’ deaths and working under a lot of fear and stress , ” says florence baingana , a mental health specialist terror grips guinea as ebola death toll rises updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:18 `` as a result , a number of ebola victims have been health workers .
we heard reports that health workers turned patients away due to fear the dead person 's body .
no treatment or vaccine is available for ebola , and the zaire species in guinea - first liberian slums barricaded as ebola death toll rises to new record updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:18 at least 2,473 people have been sickened across west africa ebola is only spread through direct contact with the bodily fluids of sick people experiencing symptoms .
those at greatest risk are doctors and nurses and people who handle the dead .
still liberian slums barricaded as ebola sets new record updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:18 at least 2,473 people have been sickened across west africa ebola is only spread through direct contact with the bodily fluids of sick people experiencing symptoms .
those at greatest risk are doctors and nurses and people who handle the dead .
still ebola outbreak : us warns disease remains out of control as american aid worker returns for treatment updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:18 but he also warned the virus was currently `` out of control '' in parts of west africa .
ebola victim updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:18 has zombie apocalypse s ed in africa | first ebola zombie found in africa ?
ebola victim rises from the dead ?
africa walking dead has zombie apocalypse ebola victim rises from the dead in africa , fear of zombie updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:18 19 your dead shall live ; their bodies shall rise .
ganta , liberia – officials in liberia have released the first confirmed image of a captured ebola victim who rose africa confirms 3rd ebola victim rises from the dead updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:18 africa confirms 3rd ebola victim rises from the dead , releases picture of 1st “ebola zombie” breaking news ! !
ebola victim rises from the dead fear of updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:18 officials in liberia have released the first confirmed image of a captured ebola victim who rose from the dead .
the name of the victim has not been released by the ebola zombie : ebola victim rises from the dead updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:18 there have been numerous reports of people rising from the dead in africa .
fear and panic is spreading in nimba county , an african community where dead ebola patients africa confirms 3rd ebola victim rises from the dead updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:18 africa confirms 3rd ebola victim rises from the dead , releases picture of 1st “ebola zombie” ebola victim rises from the dead in africa ?
saudi arabia reports a suspected death .
spain will treat an infected priest there .
ebola patients rise from the dead ?
could be the government trying to fear monger ?
links : http : //www.infowars.com/zombie-apocal http
100 % satisfaction garantie uh oh ... unknown 0 can’t display all the features of our site .
may we suggest an alternative browser ?
because you won’t want to miss out on all this goodness .
virus ebola t-shirt pre- order pre-order today !
your design will be made and shipped as soon as our manufacturers are ready to begin production .
à propos de ce produit modèle : t-shirt basique pour homme confortable et décontracté , le t-shirt noir en coton épais deviendra rapidement l'un de vos t-shirts préférés .
100 % coton , tout le monde peut le porter .
double couture des ourlets des manches et inférieur pour une durabilité accrue .
choisissez un design existant ou personnalisez-le pour le rendre unique !
taille et forme le modèle mesure 1.57 m et porte une taille m coupe standard conforme à la taille indiquée tissu et entretien sans étiquettes pour plus de confort ourlets des manches et ourlet inférieur à double couture importé lavable en machine à l'eau froide couleur : blanc
modification vous regardez le rayon des t-shirts de zazzle belgiqueebola d'obama où vous pouvez chercher bon nombre de t-shirts , aux styles , tailles et couleurs variés ebola d'obama prêtes à être personnalisées ou achetées telles quelles .
un grand nombre de commandes de tee-shirts sont expédiées dans les 24 h. certains des styles plus populaires sont le t-shirt blanc standard , les sweats à capuche , les chemises polo , les t-shirts classique et les t-shirts style états-unisgé tendance .
aucune achat minimum n’est requise et un grand nombre de t-shirts peuvent être personnalisés avec vos propres photos et texte .
pour voir d’autres produits à votre disposition sur zazzle.be , consultez notre page ebola d'obama principale .
2 weeks ago 37 views0 comments0 likes i 'm sorry if i offended anyone during this whole affair .
i have made the decision to take an extended leave for the benefit of the community and for my own well-being .
i will not be reading any messages or responding ...
revealed : update : ebola-infected diplomat was by official source not treated at upscale hotel in ph revealed : update : ebola-infected diplomat was by official source not treated at upscale hotel in ph official reports debunk : sources saying the ecowas diplomat was treated for ebola at an upscale hotel in ph - pulse.ng had earlier reported - with two sources - that he was treated at the hotel .
the ecowas diplomat earlier reported to have contracted the ebola virus was treated at an upscale hotel in port harcourt , reports say .
update : the sources of the reports have been denied by official reports .
a regular visitor of the hotel ( who’d rather remain anonymous ) tells pulse.ng that the diplomat apparently lodged at an upscale hotel weeks ago .
a staff also confirmed that the diplomat was treated by the late iyke enemuo at the hotel .
‘i walked into the hotel and saw staff wearing protective clothing .
it looked like they were disinfecting the whole place’ , another source who visited the hotel after enemuo’s death tells pulse.ng .
enemuo , a port harcourt based doctor who worked at sam steel clinic , is believed to have contracted the virus from the ecowas diplomat while treating him at the hotel .
he reportedly died at good heart hospital , also in ph .
the ecowas diplomat is reported to have recovered and travelled to lagos .
his identity is yet to be revealed .
the doctor’s wife and 3-month old child have been quarantined .
it is not certain if the hotel management was aware of the diplomat’s health condition at the time .
sources however tell pulse.ng that the management has decided to keep the matter on the low , following enemuo’s death .
contrary to earlier reports , the hotel has not been shut down despite the recent discovery .
pulse.ng reached out to the upscale hotel - update : earlier named in this report but since the sources have been debunked by official side not anymore - couldn’t establish a connection via telephone .
update : official details reaching pulse.ng say above reported details - that were initially confirmed by two sources - that the ecowas diplomat stayed at any upscale hotel in port harcourt - are not true .
pulse.ng was immediately reached by several officials in rivers state who claim the diplomat did not lodge at any luxury hotel in the state .
it is now unclear where the diplomat stayed .
the rivers state commissioner will be making a statement over the ebola incident , officials say .
note that pulse.ng is consistently reporting the news backed up by sources and is clearly stating when they are initial reports only .
this was also the case here .
canada to pull scientists fighting ebola from sierra leone canada to pull scientists fighting ebola from sierra leone .
the canadian government is evacuating three scientists from sierra leone , where their role diagnosing blood samples was crucial to the operation of one of west africa’s biggest ebola treatment centres. the canadians were working at a busy treatment centre operated by médecins sans frontières ( msf ) in kailahun , the eastern district at the heart of the ebola outbreak in sierra leone .
the “mobile” laboratory was deployed to west africa in the spring at the request of the world health organization and three teams have now travelled to sierra leone from winnipeg. the sudden departure of the canadian trio is part of a larger evacuation ordered by the world health organization , which recently removed its entire team from kailahun .
the decision came after a senegalese epidemiologist working for the un health agency tested positive for ebola over the weekend , marking the first time a who-deployed expert has been infected with the deadly virus. “this was the responsible thing to do .
the field team has been through a traumatic time with this incident , ” said dr. daniel kertesz , the who’s representative in sierra leone , in a written statement tuesday .
when you add a stressor like this , the risk of accidents increases.” the senegalese epidemiologist appears to be doing relatively well , however , and was able to walk into the airplane that has since flown him to germany for treatment , according to who spokesperson christy feig. the three canadian scientists and who epidemiologist were all living at the same hotel in kailahun , where staff from msf is also staying .
according to health canada spokesperson sean upton , three people at the hotel have now been confirmed positive for the virus but feig , who is now in guinea , said she has only so far heard of the one. in a written statement , upton said the risk is “very low” that any of the canadian scientists are infected , however : none had any direct contact with any of the sick individuals and they are not showing any signs or symptoms .
all three will remain in voluntary isolation , however , and be closely monitored as they make their way home and after they return to canada. msf’s busy treatment centre in kailahun – which expanded from 60 to 80 beds last month –relied heavily on the work of the canadian scientists , who both diagnosed suspected cases and confirmed when patients had cleared the virus and could finally go home .
meanwhile , there are five canadian staff members with doctors without borders who all remain in sierra leone , a representative of the organization said , but it was unclear how many are in kailahun .
nigeria on red alert after ebola death sunday 27 jul 2014 1:15 p.m. lateef aderemi ibirogba , lagos ' state commissioner for information and strategy , sits with dr. jide idris , the commissioner for health , during a news conference on the death of an ebola victim in lagos ( reuters ) by ola awoniyi nigeria is on alert against the possible spread of ebola , a day after the first confirmed death from the virus in lagos , africa 's biggest city and the country 's financial capital .
the health ministry said on friday that a 40-year-old liberian man died at a private hospital in lagos from the disease , which has now killed more than 650 people in four west african countries since january - the deadliest outbreak in history .
the victim , who worked for the liberian government , collapsed at lagos international airport after arriving on a flight from monrovia via the togolese capital lome on tuesday , according to the nigerian government .
he did not come into contact with the public in lagos other than health workers before being isolated at the hospital , they added .
the world health organisation ( who ) said on saturday that efforts were being made to track down people the victim may have come into contact with on his journey from the liberian capital .
who deployed staff to nigeria to help w/ this & safe handling of remains , '' the global health body 's african region said on its twitter account @ whoafro .
nigerian health minister onyebuchi chukwu had previously said all passengers who travelled with the victim on the togo-based carrier asky from lome had been traced .
meanwhile an emergency operations centre has been set up , co-ordinated by the nigeria centre for disease control ( cdc ) , and all hospitals have been equipped to handle emergencies and suspected cases , the minister added .
borders have not been closed but health specialists have been deployed to all sea ports and international airports to identify any passengers displaying symptoms associated with ebola .
ebola virus disease pictures ebola virus disease pictures the ebola virus disease outbreak in 2014 has claimed the lives of many people .
pictures can show the horrible symptoms that the victims are suffering ; they can also show us why this infection kept on happening which can shed light on the things that can be done to lessen the cases of tragedy .
having a fatality rate of up to 90 % , the ebola virus disease ( also called ebola hemorrhagic fever ) is believed to be one of the deadliest virus infection all over the world .
the ebola outbreak currently affecting west african countries sierra leone , liberia , guinea and nigeria is the deadliest ebola outbreak to have hit the continent .
right now , there is no known treatment or vaccine against this killer disease .
the pictures that show the suffering victims are shocking , yet when you see the ones that fortunately recover from this disease , you will tear up .
ebola virus pictures under microscope ebola virus disease transmission , symptoms and victims symptoms of ebloa virus disease are nonspecific at first , like headache , fatigue and pains .
however , if proper supportive care is not provided , it can cause internal bleeding and death in just a few weeks .
hemorrhagic rashes all over the body : woman died of ebola , bleeding : victim died of ebola:
ebola doctors go on strike over lack of equipment 10 december 2014 magazine issue 2999 .
doctors in a sierra leone hospital have gone on strike to protest a lack of vital medical supplies during the ebola outbreak .
the action by the junior doctors association comes days after three doctors died at freetown 's connaught hospital .
staff want respirators and vital signs monitors , among other devices , and have complained of low morale and fears over exposure to the virus .
british ebola survivor and medic will pooley is based at the hospital , although his ward is reported to be unaffected by the strike .
sierra leone has had more than 1700 ebola deaths in 2014 – the highest total of cases in west africa .
david nabarro , the un secretary general 's special envoy for ebola , this week called for more foreign health workers to help contain the virus , which is still spreading in sierra leone .
speaking from logan , governor patrick will “discuss ebola with public health and airport officials” before briefing the media , according to necn .
the governor’s remarks come after not just the emirates flight 237 incident on monday , in which three passengers were taken to mass general hospital and the remaining two to boston medical center , but also after a patient transferred from braintree to a beth israel hospital in boston suffering from headaches and muscle aches .
after suspecting the beth israel patient’s chances of having ebola were optimistically low , hospital officials released a statement monday night confirming their suspicions .
added necn , “all possible cases of the deadly virus in boston turned out to be other illnesses including malaria , typhoid fever and other viruses typical of west africa.” bostinno.streetwise.co · by nick deluca - staff writer 10/14/14 @ 8:50am in city news evernote
with release of craig spencer , u.s now free of ebola 12/11/2014 jacobs - editor & chief your take ?
new york — with yesterday’s release of emergency room doctor dr. craig spencer , the united states now apparently has no more ebola patients .
according to reports , spencer was formally released from bellevue hospital yesterday after just shy of 20 days in quarantine .
despite his miraculous cure , and release , spencer says that the public should remain focused on where it matters — the source , africa .
the associated press published saturday , june 21 , 2014 12:51pm edt freetown , sierra leone -- sierra leone on saturday defended its response to the ebola outbreak ravaging west africa , saying it was dismayed by allegations that affected governments are not doing enough .
the deadly disease , which causes bleeding , high fevers and organ failure , has been linked to more than 330 deaths in guinea , liberia and sierra leone , according to the world health organization .
this outbreak has killed more people than any other on record , according to doctors without borders .
the outbreak is `` totally out of control '' and the governments involved and international organizations are not doing enough to combat it , a senior official with doctors without borders said friday .
more health experts are needed as is more education about how to stop the spread of the disease , said bart janssens , the medical group 's director of operations in brussels .
but sierra leone 's deputy minister of information and communications theo nicol said that criticism is unfair , saying that his country has worked hard to educate people about how to stop the spread of the disease and has declared a state of emergency in the area where people have died .
experts have said the disease is particularly difficult to contain because it has spread to multiple locations , including densely populated urban areas .
ebola usually strikes in eastern or central africa .
ebola spreads through direct contact with infected people and has no cure or vaccine .
containing an outbreak , therefore , focuses on supportive care for the ill and isolating them to limit the spread of the virus .
the highest previous death toll was in the first recorded ebola outbreak in congo in 1976 , when 280 deaths were reported , according to the who .
because ebola often touches remote areas and the first cases sometimes go unrecognized , it is likely that some deaths are uncounted during outbreaks .
us ebola doctor 'weak and quite ill , ' says colleague us ebola doctor 'weak and quite ill , ' says colleague 2014-07-29 12:04 pm est last updated : 2014-07-29 12:51 pm est a picture taken on july 24 , 2014 shows a staff member of the christian charity samaritan 's purse carrying a spray gun as he treats the area at the entrance of the elwa hospital in the liberian capital monrovia .
an american doctor battling west africa 's ebola epidemic has himself fallen sick with the disease in liberia , samaritan 's purse said on july 27 .
kent brantly , 33 , became infected with ebola while working with patients in the liberian capital , monrovia , as he helped treat victims of the worst ebola outbreak in history .
brantly and another american healthcare worker are among the more than 1,200 people who have become infected with ebola in west africa since march .
a total of 672 people have died .
he is still in the early stages of the ebola infection but having some daily struggles , '' david mcray , a family medicine doctor in fort worth , texas , told afp by phone .
he said he had not yet reached him tuesday , but he had spoken with brantly 's wife .
mcray oversees the residency program where brantly did his obstetric training , and they have remained close friends over the years , he said .
doctors in monrovia have described brantly 's condition as stable , though he remains in danger since ebola is often fatal and can kill a person within days of infection .
ebola 's symptoms can include fever , joint pain , diarrhea , vomiting , rash and red eyes .
in about half of cases , patients experience internal and external bleeding , experts say .
it is transmitted by direct contact with the blood or bodily fluids of an infected person , or by exposure to contaminated needles .
while it remains unclear how brantly contracted ebola , his diagnosis was announced on saturday by samaritan 's purse , a christian charity for which he has served as medical director of the ebola case management center in liberia .
he began work with the group 's liberia team in october and had focused on ebola patients since june .
his wife and children were with him in monrovia but returned to the united states before he fell ill .
they are being monitored for signs of fever for 21 days , which is the incubation period for ebola .
over 8,000 cases have been reported , and msf has been helping treat the majority of those patients .
in fact , the organization built the largest ebola treatment center ever in monrovia , liberia in august .
since it’s opening , more than 1,340 patients have been admitted — over 300 of whom have recovered .
ryot’s david darg is on the ground in monrovia , and was able to capture a bird’s-eye view of the incredible facility with a drone .
although the center is a remarkable place , there are still more patients coming in than there are beds .
lack of resources have been one of the biggest obstacles in treating and preventing the disease from spreading further , which is why msf needs your help .
the patient is remaining in isolation .
he was one of two researchers conducting database research in west african countries , including liberia , which is battling a major ebola outbreak .
in that country , the disease has claimed the lives of more than 4,500 people , according to the center for disease control .
multiple sources told news 8 that the test came back negative , though they are not certain how the result , which was supposed to take 24 hours , came back so quickly .
the chief medical officer at yale-new haven hospital released the following statement : “due to an over-abundance of caution , before we fully rule it out , we will wait for the cdc official confirmation of the test result .
the hospital will continue to monitor the patient in order to ensure the safety of the staff and the community.” the statement went on to read : “test results received today from the massachusetts state public health laboratory were negative for ebola .
this is good news for the patient at yale new haven hospital .
confirmation tests from the centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) are expected as early as tomorrow.” the student , who was admitted to yale-new haven hospital early wednesday morning , had been in liberia until saturday , according to laurence grotheer , a spokesperson for the city of new haven .
the ebola like symptoms noticed in the patient were serious enough to have medical teams at yale-new haven hospital cautiously scrambling to get the patient in isolation and tested .
hospital officials say the patient was transported with staff wearing level 3 bio-hazard suits .
they say the person has two nurses , but they limited the number people caring for the patient in order to keep the number people in close contact with that person to a minimum .
yale officials say at 11 a.m. , they transported a specimen from the ebola symptomatic patient to a facility in massachusetts for testing to see if he/or she has the virus .
you are at : home » ebola »instagram photos show frontlines of liberia’s ebola crisis instagram photos show frontlines of liberia’s ebola crisis ebola , liberia , news , us world , world for philanthropist katie meyler , her instagram account has become a means to animate the children of liberia , a country crippled by ebola the founder of the more than me charity , which ran a school in liberia , before it closed in june due to the spread of the disease , initially left the country as the deadly virus tightened its grip
atlanta > > public health officials said saturday that a number of americans will return from west africa to be monitored after possibly being exposed to ebola .
the centers for disease control and prevention said several americans who may have been exposed to ebola in sierra leone would be monitored .
the cdc did not specify how many americans are coming back , but university of nebraska medical center officials say 's they 'll be monitoring four americans .
earlier this week , an american health care worker who contracted ebola while volunteering in sierra leone was brought to the national institutes of health in bethesda , maryland , for treatment .
the patient is a clinician working with partners in health , a boston-based nonprofit organization , according to a statement on the group 's website .
the cdc on friday said another american would be brought to atlanta for monitoring .
on saturday , officials said several americans would be monitored near emory university hospital in atlanta , the university of nebraska medical center in omaha , and the national institutes of health in bethesda .
americans returning from africa may have come into contact with the patient who was brought to maryland , `` or exposures similar to those that resulted in the infection of the index patient , '' the cdc said in a statement .
earlier this week the world health organization estimated that ebola has killed more than 10,000 people , mostly in the west african nations of guinea , liberia and sierra leone .
the current outbreak is the largest ever for the disease .
deaths have slowed dramatically in recent months but the virus appears stubbornly entrenched in parts of guinea and sierra leone .
a nurse , who was caring for the texas patient , was also hit with ebola .
www.mrreckling.com/uploads/6/8/9/2/6892382/ebola.docx when he headed for dallas , texas , from monrovia on ... have been struggling to contain the current outbreak .
the ebola virus can spread only through direct ... canyonvista.roundrockisd.org/common/pages/displayfile.aspx ? itemid= ... ebola virus , filoviridae family , is ... and testing inactivated samples to provide rapid laboratory diagnosis to support case management during outbreak control ... hrsbstaff.ednet.ns.ca/rerickson/ggs/ebola % 20hemorrhagic % 20fever.doc health services : ebola virus disease .
what is ebola virus disease ?
ebola is a rare but deadly virus that causes bleeding inside and outside the body .
www.ramapo.edu/health/files/2013/07/ebola-virus-disease-11_14.doc appendix d : fchw ebola preparedness guideline .
ebola disease cases ( l. ist as of 10/20 /2014 ) : guinea .
sierra leone www.nachc.com/client/teleforum % 20fhcw % 20appendix % 20d % 20 % 20 ... news ebola .
the call to action came as the outbreak ... a liberian man , thomas eric duncan , died of the viruswednesday at a hospital in texas .
mr ... www.e-teachingonline.com.ar/issue101/news % 20 % 20 % 20ebola.docx texas ahec east regional centers impact access to healthcare by training health professionals and staff ... ebola outbreak .
jessica smith , mph , dallas county … www.texaspha.org/resources/documents/public % 20 ... obama announces plans for new ebola ... texas governor rick ... is the fifth american with ebola to return to the united states for treatment during the outbreak .
www.wuhsd.org/ ... /aow % 2010.2 % 20ebola % 20screening.docx by now we are sure you are aware there have been three confirmed cases of ebola in dallas , texas .
the current outbreak is occurring in guinea , ... www.redlands.edu/docs/pr/ebolaannouncement.docx a texas nurse who caught ebola in the ... and prime minister tony abbott has so far resisted repeated requests to send medical personnel to assist with the outbreak ... www.ics-shipping.org/docs/default-source/ebola-resources-/precis ... contact ( e.g. , shaking hands ) with an ebola case while not wearing personal protective equipment .
brief interactions , such as walking by a person or moving through a ... www2.massgeneral.org/crp/mgh_ebola_clinical ...
there has been one reported case of ebola virus disease in a returned traveler to the united states in texas .
www.nachc.com/client/teleforum % 20fhcw % 20ebola % 20guideline % 20 ...
liberia : using drama to fight ebola posted on monday , december 8 , 2014 caaeb volunteers use drama to get the message across about ebola prevention. ( credit : caaeb ) the number of cases of ebola is declining or stabilizing in liberia according to the world health organization. even though new cases are still being reported , there is a misconception among some liberians that liberia is ebola free and that they no longer need to take preventive measures .
community action against ebola ( caaeb ) , a community organization supported financially by internews , is trying to fight misinformation by educating citizens about the continuing need to take precautions against ebola .
one of caaeb’s tactics is to use drama to get their messages across .
in the lao chiefdom region of nimba county , an area particularly hard hit by ebola , caaeb volunteers presented a drama called , “the danger of accepting strangers in the midst of the ebola virus.” after the drama , caaeb held a question and answer discussion and passed out supplies such as bleach and soap .
even with cases declining , the need for education is still crucial as liberia is coming up on its senatorial political season .
caaeb is concerned that the spread of ebola might be heightened by large groups of people gathering for political campaigns .
u.s. food and drug agency part of global response on ebola 30 october 2014 fda commissioner margaret a. hamburg , m.d .
this blog post by margaret a. hamburg originally was posted to the u.s. food and drug administration ( fda ) website october 28 .
hamburg serves as commissioner of the fda .
fda as part of a coordinated global response on ebola by margaret a. hamburg , m.d the tragic ebola epidemic is an extraordinary global public health crisis , and fda is taking extraordinary steps to be proactive and flexible in our response — whether it’s providing advice on medical product development , authorizing the emergency use of new diagnostic tools , quickly enabling access to investigational therapies , or working on the front lines in west africa .
fda has an ebola task force with wide representation from across fda to coordinate our many activities .
we are actively working with federal colleagues , the medical and scientific community , industry , and international organizations and regulators to help expedite the development and availability of medical products — such as treatments , vaccines , diagnostic tests , and personal protective equipment — with the potential to help bring the epidemic under control as quickly as possible .
these efforts include providing scientific and regulatory advice to commercial developers and u.s. government agencies that support medical product development , including the national institutes of health ( nih ) , the office of the assistant secretary for preparedness and response ( aspr ) , the centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) , and the department of defense ( dod ) .
the advice that fda is providing is helping to accelerate product development programs .
our medical product reviewers have been working tirelessly with sponsors to clarify regulatory requirements , provide input on manufacturing and pre-clinical and clinical trial designs , and expedite the regulatory review of data as it is received .
fda has been in contact with dozens of drug , vaccine , device , and diagnostic test developers , and we remain in contact with more than 20 sponsors that have possible products in pipeline .
we also have been collaborating with the world health organization and other international regulatory counterparts — including the european medicines agency , health canada , and others — to exchange information about investigational products for ebola in support of international response efforts .
investigational vaccines and treatments for ebola are in the earliest stages of development and for most , there are only small amounts of some experimental products that have been manufactured for testing .
for those in limited supply , there are efforts underway to increase their production so their safety and efficacy can be properly assessed in clinical trials .
as fda continues to work to expedite medical product development , we strongly support the establishment of clinical trials , which is the most efficient way to show whether these new products actually work .
in the meantime , we also will continue to enable access to investigational products when they are available and requested by clinicians , using expanded access mechanisms , also known as “compassionate use , ” which allow access to such products outside of clinical trials when we assess that the expected benefits outweigh the potential risks for the patient .
in addition , under the fda’s emergency use authorization ( eua ) authority , we can allow the use of an unapproved medical product — or an unapproved use of an approved medical product — for a larger population during emergencies , when , among other reasons , based on scientific evidence available , there is no adequate , approved , and available alternative .
to date , fda has authorized the use of five diagnostic tests during this ebola epidemic : one was developed by dod , two were developed by cdc , and this week fda issued euas for two new , quicker ebola tests made by biofire defense .
to further augment diagnostic capacity , we have contacted several commercial developers that we know are capable of developing rapid diagnostic tests and have encouraged them to work with us to quickly develop and make available such tests .
several entities have expressed interest and have initiated discussions with fda .
we also are monitoring for fraudulent products and false product claims related to the ebola virus and taking appropriate action to protect consumers .
to date , we have issued warning letters to three companies marketing products that claim to prevent , treat or cure infection by the ebola virus , among other conditions .
additionally , we are carefully monitoring the personal protective equipment ( ppe ) supply chain to help ensure this essential equipment continues to be available to protect health care workers .
and at least 12 fda employees are being deployed to west africa as part of the public health service’s team to help with medical care .
we are proud that they are answering the call .
as you can see , fda has been fully engaged in response activities and is using its authorities to the fullest extent possible to continue its mission to protect and promote the public health , both domestically and abroad .
our staff is fully committed to responding in the most proactive , thoughtful , and flexible manner to the ebola epidemic in west africa .
i could not be more proud of the dedication and leadership that the fda staff involved in this response has shown .
i therefore want to take this opportunity to thank more than 250 staff , including those soon to be on the ground in west africa , who have already contributed countless hours to this important effort , and who will continue to do so in the coming days and weeks as we address this very serious situation .
i am hopeful that our work and the coordinated global response will soon lead to the end of this epidemic and help reduce the risk of additional cases in the u.s. and elsewhere .
ebola suspected in mubende district publish date : jan 11 , 2013 tweet by francis kagolo mubende - health state minister sarah opendi and other senior ministry officials dashed to mubende hospital friday morning following suspicions of an ebola outbreak in the area. mubende district health officer ( dho ) , dr. wilson mubiru said two five-year-old children were admitted on thursday night while vomiting blood – a symptom that was hurriedly linked to ebola. the children were from different families .
earlier rumours had put the number of patients admitted at the hospital to four and that three had died on spot. however , mubiru and the hospital director dr. edward nkrunziza told new vision online that there were only two patients. besides , the doctors have since called for calm , saying that it was unlikely for the patients to be ebola cases. “we have forwarded blood tests to the uganda virus research institute ( uvri ) in entebbe .
the ministry has also just declared kabale and ibanda districts free of marburg , another infectious viral disease. health ministry permanent secretary asuman lukwago said his ministry is working with the environment and wildlife ministries to ensure that the animals and birds that spread both ebola and marburg disease are wiped out .
the statements , comments , or opinions expressed through the use of new vision online are those of their respective authors , who are solely responsible for them , and do not necessarily represent the views held by the staff and management of new vision online .
new vision online reserves the right to moderate , publish or delete a post without warning or consultation with the author .
find out why we moderate comments .
for any questions please contact digital @ newvision.co.ug
share on tumblr more services fruit bats , such as this little red flying fox , likely have carried the hendra virus for millennia .
no outbreaks were observed until the 1990s : one theory is that habitat loss has forced bats into closer contact with humans .
fruit bats are under scrutiny as reservoirs for several other deadly diseases , including ebola , nipah , and sars .
five cases of ebola virus in philippines wednesday , february 11 , 2009 - 16:57 in health & medicine four more filipinos have been shown to have contracted the ebola reston virus , a finding that increases the likelihood that pig-to-human transmission took place , health officials said .
wed , 11 feb 2009 , 17:23:45 est latest science newsletter get the latest and most popular science news articles of the week in your inbox !
health ministers’ meeting postponed over ebola august 24 2014 at 11:46am comment on this story cotonou - a meeting of african health ministers scheduled for early september in benin has been postponed because of the ebola epidemic , an official said on sunday .
the tiny west african nation had planned to host the 64th session of the world health organisation 's ( who ) committee of african health ministers from september 1 to september 5 .
the decision was made “to express full solidarity with the countries affected by ebola , ” bako added .
the foreign minister said delegations from more than 40 african countries had been expected .
benin has not yet recorded an ebola case , but sees a huge inflow of commercial traffic each day from lagos , the economic capital of neighbouring nigeria , which has registered 14 cases , including five deaths .
the worst-ever outbreak of the tropical disease has killed more than 1 400 people since the start of the year in guinea , liberia and sierra leone .
us ebola patient 'critical , ' says hospital updated on 03/18/2015 at 05:03:57 the medical charity partners in health said the patient is a clinician who worked in the west african country , which along with liberia and guinea is struggling to emerge from the worst ebola outbreak patient with ebola virus disease being treated after ebola , measles may follow updated on 03/18/2015 at 05:03:57 flickr user : niaid the ebola crisis in west africa is one of the most striking public health emergencies in recent years .
according to the centers for disease control , this fast-spreading virus has ed over 9,951 people since the s of the outbreak guinea ebola cases rise , three doctors infected updated on 03/18/2015 at 05:03:57 guinea has suffered a setback in its fight against ebola with a rash of new cases , including three doctors infected by the virus , with officials blaming weak surveillance and a failure to follow safety procedures .
the outbreak , which began in eastern ebola fight may not be over in guinea updated on 03/18/2015 at 05:03:57 though the ebola outbreak has largely dropped in many african countries that were hit by the disease , that is not the case in guinea which includes three doctors infected by the virus .
officials are clearly upset by this news , and are blaming the all hands on deck : doctor answers call to work on largest ebola epidemic in history updated on 03/18/2015 at 05:03:57 in the nearly 70-year history of the centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc affectionately nicknamed “the ebola class , ” learned the 2014 ebola outbreak had just been classified as a level 1 emergency .
cdc director tom frieden , md , mph , death toll in ebola outbreak has topped 10,000 : who updated on 03/18/2015 at 05:03:57 berlin ( ap ) — world health organization says deaths in current ebola outbreak to the lethal virus but who have n't yet developed the disease .
even though the vaccine may come too late to make a difference to this ebola outbreak , it could prove ebola-stricken countries lagged in health systems mar 9 updated on 03/18/2015 at 05:03:57 part of an effort to help 14 vulnerable african countries prepare for a possible ebola outbreak .
the team suggested that the samples be tested for lassa fever , a related virus that had never been seen in benin .
the lassa tests were positive .
at that point massive ebola outbreak is largest in history updated on 03/18/2015 at 05:03:57 ( naturalnews ) the current outbreak of the ebola virus which is spreading across africa has become the largest in history now , afflicting more than 660 people and ing 70 percent of them , according to reports .
the disease has even claimed american chronology of ebola virus disease outbreaks , 2015-2015 updated on 03/18/2015 at 05:03:57 yzing health data , generating and communicating evidence to improve population health ebola virus disease/ ebola outbreak - upload , share , and updated on 03/18/2015 at 05:03:57 a comprehensive yet crisp primer on ebola virus and its public health relevance .
ebola virus disease - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia updated on 03/18/2015 at 05:03:57 ebola virus disease ( evd ; also ebola hemorrhagic fever , or ehf ) , or simply ebola , is a disease of humans and other primates caused by ebolaviruses .
ebola virus epidemic in west africa - wikipedia , the free updated on 03/18/2015 at 05:03:57 the most widespread epidemic of ebola virus disease ( commonly known as `` ebola '' ) in history is currently ongoing in several west african countries .
2015 ebola outbreak in west africa - centers for disease updated on 03/18/2015 at 05:03:57 the 2014 ebola epidemic is the largest in history , affecting multiple countries in west africa .
there were a small number of cases reported in nigeria and mali and a ebola ( ebola virus disease or ebola hemorrhagic fever updated on 03/18/2015 at 05:03:57 october 2014 news about the ebola outbreak oct. 31 , 2014 : the cdc added to confusion today by deleting the warnings that ebola can be spread by coughs , sneezes who | ebola virus disease updated on 03/18/2015 at 05:03:57 the ebola virus causes an acute , serious illness which is often fatal if untreated .
ebola virus disease ( evd ) first appeared in 1976 in 2 simultaneous outbreaks , one ebola virus outbreak – ebola news & top stories - nbc news updated on 03/18/2015 at 05:03:57 continuing coverage of the ebola outbreak in africa and its effects in the u.s. and around the world ebola virus outbreak - cbs news - breaking news , u.s updated on 03/18/2015 at 05:03:57 in depth ebola virus outbreak .
the deadly disease has affected several countries , including the u.s .
tue , 17 mar 2015 14:37:14 -0700 http : //www.typepad.com/ saying goodbye to the usa through postage stamps http : //exopolitics.blogs.com/ebolagate/2015/03/saying-goodbye-to-the-usa-through-stamps.html http : //exopolitics.blogs.com/ebolagate/2015/03/saying-goodbye-to-the-usa-through-stamps.html first , there was this 2012 stamp with the strange lines in the sky over dc .
the 2012 cherry blossom centennial stamp .
there are alternative journalists and websites doing a great job watching the markets and simultaneously seeing the geopolitical relationships to them .
however < strong > the synthesis of polio virus in 2002 , made eradication impossible < /strong > .
it is argued that getting poor countries to expend their scarce resources on an impossible dream over the last 10 years was unethical. < /div > < /div > < div class= '' blockquote '' style= '' margin-left : 40px ; '' > & # 0160 ; < /div > < p class= '' blockquote '' style= '' margin-left : 40px ; '' > & quot ; furthermore , while india has been polio-free for a year , < strong > there has been a huge increase in non-polio acute flaccid paralysis ( npafp ) < /strong > .
in 2011 , there were < strong > an extra 47,500 new cases < /strong > < strong > of npafp .
clinically indistinguishable from polio paralysis but t < em > wice as deadly < /em > , the incidence of npafp was < em > directly proportional to doses of oral polio received < /em > < /strong > .
though this data was collected within the polio surveillance system , it was not investigated .
it is a paradox , that < strong > while the director general of who , margret chan , and bill gates are trying to muster support for polio eradication < a href= '' http : //www.issuesinmedicalethics.org/index.php/ijme/article/view/110/1065 # twentytwo '' rel= '' tooltip '' target= '' _blank '' title= '' '' > ( 22 ) < /a > it has been known to the scientific community , < em > for over 10 years < /em > , that eradication of polio is impossible < /strong > .
this is because in 2002 scientists had synthesised a chemical called poliovirus in a test-tube with the empirical formula c332 , 652h492 , 388n98 , 245o131 , 196p7 , 501s2 , 340 .
it has been demonstrated that by positioning the atoms in sequence , a particle can emerge with all the properties required for its proliferation and survival in nature < a href= '' http : //www.issuesinmedicalethics.org/index.php/ijme/article/view/110/1065 # twentythree '' rel= '' tooltip '' target= '' _blank '' title= '' '' > ( 23 < /a > , < a href= '' http : //www.issuesinmedicalethics.org/index.php/ijme/article/view/110/1065 # twentyfour '' rel= '' tooltip '' target= '' _blank '' title= '' '' > 24 ) < /a > .
wimmer writes that < strong > the test-tube synthesis of poliovirus has wiped out any possibility of eradicating poliovirus in the future < /strong > .
poliovirus can not be declared extinct because the sequence of its genome is known and modern biotechnology allows it to be resurrected at any time < em > in vitro < /em > .
indeed the 18-year-old global eradication campaign for polioviruses will have to be continued in some format forever .
the long promised & quot ; infinite & quot ; monetary benefits from ceasing to vaccinate against poliovirus will never be achieved < a href= '' http : //www.issuesinmedicalethics.org/index.php/ijme/article/view/110/1065 # twentyfour '' rel= '' tooltip '' target= '' _blank '' title= '' '' > ( 24 ) < /a > .
pakistan will be spending rs24.2 billion from its own resources on the purchase of new and under-used vaccines at much higher cost as compared to their equivalent vaccines .
this is a startling reminder of how initial funding and grants from abroad distort local priorities .
after initial infection with poliovirus , the virus is shed intermittently in faeces ( excrement ) for several weeks .
during that time , polio can spread rapidly through the community.‘ < strong > < br / > < /strong > < /div > < div class= '' blockquote '' style= '' margin-left : 40px ; '' > & # 0160 ; < /div > < div class= '' blockquote '' style= '' margin-left : 40px ; '' > < p > “i was told by this preacher that when the government introduced the national immunization days in 1997 , most of the children after vaccination started dying .
the preacher told me that they had so much death that his cassock , that he wears to go and conduct the burial ceremony , got old .
he said “i buried the children and my cassock got old.” in the same room there was one mother who had four children , and she hid one and took three other children for vaccination , and three children died and that one survived .
now when i went to do my presentation and i asked most of the people who were there – about two , three thousand people – each person had the same story. < /p > < /div > < div class= '' blockquote '' style= '' margin-left : 40px ; '' > < p > & quot ; at the main hospital in mbarara during that month of 1977 more than 600 children had died following polio vaccination .
the irony here is , that much of the the infection was most likely spread through the clandestine vaccination plot itself , revealing the fallacy of the certificate requirement in the first place. < br / > < br / > & quot ; what will come of any future travel restrictions for those in saudi arabia since the mers virus continues to infect those in the region as well as abroad ?
the irony here is , that < strong > much of the the infection was most likely spread through the clandestine vaccination plot itself. & quot ; < /strong > < /p > < p class= '' blockquote '' style= '' margin-left : 40px ; '' > [ emphasis added .
ngare replied : < /p > < blockquote > < p > & quot ; 1 .
the reputation of who has been called to question many times in the past but there is always inconclusive evidence and a great deal of media sensitization of information that they get away scot free .
the catholic church in kenya has offered the world < strong > irrefutable evidence in this case < /strong > of the kenyan tetanus eradication campaign < strong > demonstrating clearly the forceful but secretive sterilization of a community < /strong > . < /p > < p > < strong > & quot ; how much more damage and proof will the world demand before action is taken ? & # 0160 ; < /strong > [ the problem has been that the world doesn & # 39 ; t know what the who is really doing .
it is a problem of good versus evil. < /strong > passivity allows evil to thrive and ever flourish .
it is time individuals who stand for what is good understood that the only way to defeat evil is to confront it head on and took action in their area of direct influence e.g .
at home , the work place and their local communities. < /p > < p > 3. & # 0160 ; & quot ; < strong > this chance must not be squandered < /strong > .
the catholic church in kenya has done its part and will continue to be vigilant .
however , < strong > we appeal to the people and private organizations of good will from all across the world to come together < /strong > and supported the catholic church in kenya < strong > to fight the excesses of this organization. & quot ; & # 0160 ; < /strong > < /p > < p > [ emphases added .
they see the bilderbergers role and cfr 's and the trilateral commission , and nato and operation gladio and rigged markets and rigged news stories about the ukraine .
however < strong > the synthesis of polio virus in 2002 , made eradication impossible < /strong > .
it is argued that getting poor countries to expend their scarce resources on an impossible dream over the last 10 years was unethical. < /div > < /div > < div class= '' blockquote '' style= '' margin-left : 40px ; '' > & # 0160 ; < /div > < p class= '' blockquote '' style= '' margin-left : 40px ; '' > & quot ; furthermore , while india has been polio-free for a year , < strong > there has been a huge increase in non-polio acute flaccid paralysis ( npafp ) < /strong > .
in 2011 , there were < strong > an extra 47,500 new cases < /strong > < strong > of npafp .
clinically indistinguishable from polio paralysis but t < em > wice as deadly < /em > , the incidence of npafp was < em > directly proportional to doses of oral polio received < /em > < /strong > .
though this data was collected within the polio surveillance system , it was not investigated .
it is a paradox , that < strong > while the director general of who , margret chan , and bill gates are trying to muster support for polio eradication < a href= '' http : //www.issuesinmedicalethics.org/index.php/ijme/article/view/110/1065 # twentytwo '' rel= '' tooltip '' target= '' _blank '' title= '' '' > ( 22 ) < /a > it has been known to the scientific community , < em > for over 10 years < /em > , that eradication of polio is impossible < /strong > .
this is because in 2002 scientists had synthesised a chemical called poliovirus in a test-tube with the empirical formula c332 , 652h492 , 388n98 , 245o131 , 196p7 , 501s2 , 340 .
it has been demonstrated that by positioning the atoms in sequence , a particle can emerge with all the properties required for its proliferation and survival in nature < a href= '' http : //www.issuesinmedicalethics.org/index.php/ijme/article/view/110/1065 # twentythree '' rel= '' tooltip '' target= '' _blank '' title= '' '' > ( 23 < /a > , < a href= '' http : //www.issuesinmedicalethics.org/index.php/ijme/article/view/110/1065 # twentyfour '' rel= '' tooltip '' target= '' _blank '' title= '' '' > 24 ) < /a > .
wimmer writes that < strong > the test-tube synthesis of poliovirus has wiped out any possibility of eradicating poliovirus in the future < /strong > .
poliovirus can not be declared extinct because the sequence of its genome is known and modern biotechnology allows it to be resurrected at any time < em > in vitro < /em > .
indeed the 18-year-old global eradication campaign for polioviruses will have to be continued in some format forever .
the long promised & quot ; infinite & quot ; monetary benefits from ceasing to vaccinate against poliovirus will never be achieved < a href= '' http : //www.issuesinmedicalethics.org/index.php/ijme/article/view/110/1065 # twentyfour '' rel= '' tooltip '' target= '' _blank '' title= '' '' > ( 24 ) < /a > .
pakistan will be spending rs24.2 billion from its own resources on the purchase of new and under-used vaccines at much higher cost as compared to their equivalent vaccines .
this is a startling reminder of how initial funding and grants from abroad distort local priorities .
after initial infection with poliovirus , the virus is shed intermittently in faeces ( excrement ) for several weeks .
during that time , polio can spread rapidly through the community.‘ < strong > < br / > < /strong > < /div > < div class= '' blockquote '' style= '' margin-left : 40px ; '' > & # 0160 ; < /div > < div class= '' blockquote '' style= '' margin-left : 40px ; '' > < p > “i was told by this preacher that when the government introduced the national immunization days in 1997 , most of the children after vaccination started dying .
the preacher told me that they had so much death that his cassock , that he wears to go and conduct the burial ceremony , got old .
he said “i buried the children and my cassock got old.” in the same room there was one mother who had four children , and she hid one and took three other children for vaccination , and three children died and that one survived .
now when i went to do my presentation and i asked most of the people who were there – about two , three thousand people – each person had the same story. < /p > < /div > < div class= '' blockquote '' style= '' margin-left : 40px ; '' > < p > & quot ; at the main hospital in mbarara during that month of 1977 more than 600 children had died following polio vaccination .
the irony here is , that much of the the infection was most likely spread through the clandestine vaccination plot itself , revealing the fallacy of the certificate requirement in the first place. < br / > < br / > & quot ; what will come of any future travel restrictions for those in saudi arabia since the mers virus continues to infect those in the region as well as abroad ?
the irony here is , that < strong > much of the the infection was most likely spread through the clandestine vaccination plot itself. & quot ; < /strong > < /p > < p class= '' blockquote '' style= '' margin-left : 40px ; '' > [ emphasis added .
ngare replied : < /p > < blockquote > < p > < span style= '' font-size : 11pt ; '' > < span style= '' font-size : 12pt ; '' > & quot ; 1 .
the reputation of who has been called to question many times in the past but there is always inconclusive evidence and a great deal of media sensitization of information that they get away scot free .
it is a problem of good versus evil. < /strong > passivity allows evil to thrive and ever flourish .
it is time individuals who stand for what is good understood that the only way to defeat evil is to confront it head on and took action in their area of direct influence e.g .
at home , the work place and their local communities. < /span > < /p > < p > < span style= '' font-size : 13pt ; '' > 3. & # 0160 ; & quot ; < strong > this chance must not be squandered < /strong > .
the catholic church in kenya has done its part and will continue to be vigilant .
however , < strong > we appeal to the people and private organizations of good will from all across the world to come together < /strong > and supported the catholic church in kenya < strong > to fight the excesses of this organization. & quot ; & # 0160 ; < /strong > < /span > < /p > < p > < span style= '' font-size : 10pt ; '' > [ emphases added .
stopping mandated vaccines is the penultimate `` never again '' http : //exopolitics.blogs.com/ebolagate/2015/03/american-rabbis-honor-our-dead-stopping-mandated-vaccines-is-the-penultimate-never-again.html http : //exopolitics.blogs.com/ebolagate/2015/03/american-rabbis-honor-our-dead-stopping-mandated-vaccines-is-the-penultimate-never-again.html jews seem out of touch with what is happening with vaccines , many accepting what the government and media tell them that vaccines are life-saving and must be given .
but there is a great deal of truth missing .
these facts were revealed by norman covert , army public relations director at fort detrick in frederick , md , and veteran news correspondent paul manning in his book & quot ; martin bormann : nazi in exile & quot ; ( lyle stuart , inc , 1981 ) .
hitler and bormann invested heavily in < strong > merck < /strong > and other pharmaceutical companies .
they not only knew that would be a good way to make money as a future investment , but they also knew that , given the holocaust , you can mass exterminate people through chemicals , gasses and pharmaceuticals .
dr. harper helped design and carry out the phase ii and phase iii safety and effectiveness studies to get gardasil approved , and authored many of the published , scholarly papers about it .
she has been a paid speaker and consultant to merck .
it & # 39 ; s highly unusual for a researcher to publicly criticize a medicine or vaccine she helped get approved .
she says data available for gardasil shows that it lasts five years ; there is no data showing that it remains effective beyond five years .
nuremberg , october 1946–april 1949 .
washington , d.c. : u.s. g.p.o , 1949–1953 .
the protagonists of the practice of human experimentation justify their views on the basis that such experiments yield results for the good of society that are unprocurable by other methods or means of study .
all agree , however , that certain basic principles must be observed in order to satisfy moral , ethical and legal concepts : < /p > < p > 1 .
during spraying of anaheim , ca a caucasian female ( age 50 ) was exposed to heavy spraying , while doing her daily exercise of walking several miles .
after spraying , she experienced light headedness , nausea , muscle aches and increased low back pain .
kd-45 is the protein band for sv-40 simian green monkey virus .
tumors grew in the hamsters .
her discovery was subsequently validated by drs .
maurice hilliman and benjamin sweet of merck. < /p > < p > & quot ; upon the discovery that sv40 was an animal carcinogen that had found its way into the polio vaccines , a new federal law was passed in 1961 that required that no vaccines contain this virus .
however , this law did not require that sv40 contaminated vaccines be thrown away or that the contaminated seed material ( used to make all polio vaccines for the next four decades ) be discarded .
as a result , known sv40 contaminated vaccines were injected into children up until 1963 .
the goal of gavi is to vaccinate every newborn child in the developing world. < a name= '' 2 '' > < /a > < a href= '' http : //www.engdahl.oilgeopolitics.net/swine_flu/gates_vaccines/gates_vaccines.html # f2 '' > 2 < /a > < br / > < br / > & quot ; now that sounds like noble philanthropic work .
as i document in my book , < em > seeds of destruction < a name= '' 8 '' > < /a > < /em > < a href= '' http : //www.engdahl.oilgeopolitics.net/swine_flu/gates_vaccines/gates_vaccines.html # f8 '' > 8 < /a > < strong > < em > , < /em > < /strong > since the 1920’s the rockefeller foundation had funded the eugenics research in germany through the kaiser-wilhelm institutes in berlin and munich , including well into the third reich .
the tetanus disease was indeed , also rather rare .
it was also curious because hcg was a natural hormone needed to maintain a pregnancy .
however , when combined with a tetanus toxoid carrier , it stimulated formation of antibodies against hcg , rendering a woman incapable of maintaining a pregnancy , < strong > a form of concealed abortion < /strong > .
let & # 39 ; s protect all our kids .
when who conducted its first & # 0160 ; purported & # 0160 ; neonatal tetanus & # 0160 ; eradication & # 0160 ; vaccination & # 0160 ; campaigns & # 0160 ; in & # 0160 ; south america using a & # 0160 ; fertility & # 0160 ; regulating vaccine , the population most affected were catholics .
the church has a & # 0160 ; strong & # 0160 ; institutional & # 0160 ; memory. < /p > < p > in 1995 , who come to kenya through the ministry of health and offered to run a similar campaign .
the ministry of health agreed with the church and ordered for the vaccine to be tested before administration .
who opted to withdraw the vaccine and cancel the campaign instead of submitting it for testing ! < /strong > < p > & quot ; in march 2014 , we heard of a neonatal tetanus campaign that was started in october the year before .
all major health campaigns are usually widely advertised and launched with much pomp and color in public .
this particular campaign was very secretive and a majority of kenyans , including health personnel do not know about it even today !
this is what is causing the confusion when the church states that the tetanus injection used in the vaccination campaign is unsafe but the routine vaccine is safe ! < /p > < p > & quot ; ... . a campaign that aims at random women aged 15 – 49 , regardless of whether they are pregnant or no , run in only some areas of the county would not eradicate < strong > neonatal < /strong > tetanus !
the minister of health declined to have the vaccine tested to the shock of the church. < /strong > < /p > < p > < strong > & quot ; reports from the field during the actual immunization exercise indicated that there was a special batch of vaccines that was under police guard that was not left under the custody of the vaccination center .
this particular vaccine was highly controlled with those nurses administering it required to return each empty vials in exchange for a fresh vial .
further , at the end of the vaccination exercise , this particular batch was ferried away from the vaccination center back to nairobi .
usually , the extra vaccines after an immunization campaign are left at the participating centers and are used for routine immunization .
moreover , they are inherently genetically ‘unstable’ as they are an unnatural product of introducing a foreign bacteria such as bacillus thuringiensis ( bt ) or other material into the dna of a given seed to change its traits .
perhaps equally dangerous are the ‘paired’ chemical herbicides sold as a mandatory part of a gmo contract , such as monsanto’s roundup , the most widely used such herbicide in the world .
it contains highly toxic glyphosate compounds that have been independently tested and proven to exist in toxic concentrations in gmo applications far above that safe for humans or animals .
let & # 39 ; s protect all our kids .
ngare replied : < /p > < blockquote > < p > < span style= '' font-size : 13pt ; '' > & quot ; < strong > 1 < /strong > .
it is time individuals who stand for what is good understood that the only way to defeat evil is to confront it head on and took action in their area of direct influence e.g .
at home , the work place and their local communities. < /strong > < /span > < /p > < p > & # 0160 ; < /p > < p > < span style= '' font-size : 13pt ; '' > < strong > 3 < /strong > .
the catholic church in kenya has done its part and will continue to be vigilant .
clinton foundation want to improve markets for their partners .
holdings < br / > u.s .
green building council ( usgbc ) < br / > uk department for international development ( dfid ) < br / > united arab emirates < br / > verein aids life < br / > the walton family foundation < br / > rilin enterprises < br / > gerardo werthein < br / > frank white < br / > the wyss foundation < br / > ypy holding limited * < /div > < /div > mike thu , 12 mar 2015 20:07:49 -0700 pharma to the public : `` trust our vaccines !
and they have a lot working for them - their control of media , of medical journals , of research and of congress .
these documents reveal that glaxosmithkline ( gsk ) , the manufacturer of the mmr vaccine pluserix , knew that there were problems with the vaccine causing a high rate of adverse events in children .
among these were encephalitis and other conditions associated with autism. < /span > < br / > < br / > < span style= '' font-size : 11pt ; '' > concerned that the british government was withholding information about mmr & # 39 ; s dangers from the public , the foia request was filed in response to the growing number of vaccinated children who were coming down with debilitating gut problems , brain damage and other symptoms believed to be associated with mmr .
at least five known cases of < /span > < span style= '' font-size : 11pt ; '' > < strong > autism < /strong > < em > < strong > arising from the jab < /strong > < /em > are listed in the report on page 626 , in fact : & # 0160 ; [ emphasis added .
which type will we worry about this year , and what kind of shots will we be told to take ?
remember the swine flu scare of 1976 ?
that was the year the u.s. government told us all that swine flu could turn out to be a killer that could spread across the nation , and washington decided that every man , woman and child in the nation should get a shot to prevent a nation-wide outbreak , a pandemic. < /p > < p > well 46 million of us obediently took the shot , and now 4,000 americans are claiming damages from uncle sam amounting to three and a half billion dollars because of what happened when they took that shot .
dr. scott reuben , a former member of pfizer’s speakers’ bureau , has agreed to plead guilty to faking dozens of research studies that were published in medical journals .
now being reported across the mainstream media is the fact that dr. reuben accepted a $ 75,000 grant from pfizer to study celebrex in 2005 .
his research , which was published in a medical journal , has since been quoted by hundreds of other doctors and researchers as “proof” that celebrex helped reduce pain during post-surgical recovery .
interessengemeinschaft stands for & quot ; association of common interests & quot ; and was nothing more than a powerful cartel of basf , bayer , hoechst , and other german chemical and pharmaceutical companies .
ig farben was the single largest donor to the election campaign of adolph hitler .
one year before hitler seized power , ig farben donated 400,000 marks to hitler and his nazi party .
instead , the “products” most often delivered are the opposite : < a href= '' http : //www4.dr-rath-foundation.org/pharmaceutical_business/laws/law15.htm '' > new diseases and frequently , death < /a > . < /p > < /blockquote > mike tue , 10 mar 2015 10:56:42 -0700 red alert to helicopter and chemtrail pilots - do n't participate : the pentagon has plans to spray the us with deadly rabies/ebola virus http : //exopolitics.blogs.com/ebolagate/2015/03/red-alert-to-helicopter-and-chemtrail-pilots-dont-participate-the-pentagon-has-plans-to-spray-the-us.html http : //exopolitics.blogs.com/ebolagate/2015/03/red-alert-to-helicopter-and-chemtrail-pilots-dont-participate-the-pentagon-has-plans-to-spray-the-us.html this article introduces the reader to plans by the pentagon and us government to spray highly unstable rabies/ebola vaccines on the public .
during spraying of anaheim , ca a < strong > caucasian female ( age 50 ) was exposed to heavy spraying < /strong > , while doing her daily exercise of walking several miles. < /p > < p > < strong > heavy helicopter activity occurred for several days in this area < /strong > .
after spraying , she experienced light headedness , nausea , muscle aches and increased low back pain. < /p > < p > she was evaluated for toxicological mechanisms that were associated with pesticide exposure due to aerial spraying utilizing advanced biological monitoring testing. < /p > < p > the test results which included protein band testing utilizing protein coupled response ( pcr ) methods were < strong > positive < /strong > < strong > for < /strong > kd-45 .
it’s < span style= '' color : # ff0000 ; '' > plenty horrible on its own < /span > < span style= '' color : # ff0000 ; '' > , of course , killing virtually all patients if they aren’t vaccinated soon after infection < /span > .
i believe there are < span style= '' color : # ff0000 ; '' > many , many more of these emerging viruses that have yet to be discovered , < /span > ” he added. < /p > < p > “this points to the < span style= '' color : # ff0000 ; '' > importance of being vigilant < /span > , < span style= '' color : # ff0000 ; '' > especially these remote areas of africa and asia .
this is the area that i believe the next generation of emerging viruses will come from.” < /span > < /p > < p > & quot ; fair agrees , and says his team will be looking .
they’ll also be checking to see if < span style= '' color : # ff0000 ; '' > bats or insects < /span > can spread it .
that is why the next step in this process is to look for the vector , ” fair said. < /p > < p > & quot ; that’s < span style= '' color : # ff0000 ; '' > not so easy < /span > .
fair’s team and hundreds of other scientists have been looking for the reservoir -- the < span style= '' color : # ff0000 ; '' > animal or insect source < /span > -- of ebola .
that would be < span style= '' color : # ff0000 ; '' > a bat or other creature < /span > < span style= '' color : # ff0000 ; '' > that can carry it without getting sick < /span > itself .
cnn missed the real story .
the polio vaccine had killed ten thousand of children .
the pmic , headed by malik amjad noon , has recommended that prime minister yousaf raza gilani immediately suspend the administration of all types of vaccines funded by the gavi. < /p > < p > & quot ; the commission also recommended launching an inquiry to find out facts leading to the agreement with gavi without examining the safety of the vaccines .
pakistan will be spending rs24.2 billion from its own resources on the purchase of new and under-used vaccines at much higher cost as compared to their equivalent vaccines .
consequently , the whole amount will be flowing back to the manufacturers who happen to be partners of gavi , ” says the report. < /span > < /p > < p > “it is not the gavi that has been supporting pakistan .
many deeply regret that now because of the immense increase in diseases and deaths he caused the american people with his promoting a biotech `` science '' that was more than dangerous and based on an endless series of lies .
let & # 39 ; s protect all our kids .
though this data was collected within the polio surveillance system , it was not investigated .
the principle of primum-non-nocere was violated. < /div > < div class= '' blockquote '' style= '' margin-left : 40px ; '' > [ emphasis added .
he said “i buried the children and my cassock got old.” < /strong > in the same room there was one mother who had four children , and she hid one and took three other children for vaccination , and three children died and that one survived .
now when i went to do my presentation and i asked most of the people who were there – < strong > about two , three thousand people – each person had the same story. < /strong > < /p > < /div > < div class= '' blockquote '' style= '' margin-left : 40px ; '' > < p > at the main hospital in mbarara during that month ... . < strong > more than 600 children had died following polio vaccination .
randy cramer states straightforwardly that he was authorized under article 21 by his chain of command to speak out .
girls in the united states are not told the hpv vaccine can cause paralysis and death .
jesse is & quot ; one less & quot ; girl alive today .
the day i found you is a day i wish i could forget. , but this day i relive in my mind everyday .
i assume he is offering this as a template for everyone to use to create their own public notice of refusal to consent .
consent for everything must be asked for , the reason and situation explained to me completely , and terms negotiated which are fully current and up to date , before any consent can be assumed or presumed. < /p > < p > & # 0160 ; < /p > < p > 2.2 ) this declaration is my own creation !
i am the final arbiter and authority on what it means , and what i meant it to say !
it is assigned to me for my private use , and is purchased with tradable energy that i earned by my own fair labor .
no outside authority is granted access to it whatsoever , except to read notices and contracts. < /p > < p > to be very clear , so that you can not say ‘you assumed’ .
all my emails are private , no matter what computer i use .
my life is totally private from you no matter what device i use .
a phone , my personal phones , a cell phone , skype , snail mail , and so on .
whatever the form it takes , my energy is my own creation , and i do not consent to having it harvested for others to use , or to profit from. < /p > < p > 5.5 ) this buying , selling , and owning , amounts to slavery , and is forbidden by me under my own freewill .
so is the harvesting of my personal energy !
i do not consent to aerosol sprays being placed into the air i breath , nor to programming being inserted into music that i listen to .
i do not consent to programming placed into the television and video images i watch without a separate signed contract for each item listed above .
the debts will follow all souls , that have incurred them , both on or off of the earth , until the full amount is paid .
do not ignore this declaration , or fail to tell others about it. < /p > < p > notice to principal is notice to agent .
this advance notice must come to me personally , and can not be hidden by the use of secret signs or obscure symbols .
it can not be placed into movies , television , or radio programs and labeled as fiction .
all souls and created beings are equal in the eyes of prime creator , who first created them .
not one of these souls has more rights than the next .
free will is complicated to fully understand , but i assure you that the off worlders who gave the earth the ancient law of contracts understood it very well. < /p > < p > they understood that they could do nothing here on earth without first gaining the consent of those living here .
whether done through trickery , mind control , or deception… , consent is , and always has been , mandatory for any one individual soul to do an action which has an affect on another individual soul , without grave consequences from prime creator .
in my case , i remove all consent to deception period. < /p > < p > 15.6 ) because consent is “mandatory” in a freewill zone , the off worlders who wanted to interact here , first gave the earth the ancient law of contracts .
a contract is a business-like , and very “un-enlightened” , way for two or more entities to freely and openly hand over consent for any act , thereby circumventing the punishment for depriving another living being of it’s free will .
get off your arrogant , high horse… , and realize that they used contracts for a reason .
once even one living being understands this and withdraws their consent from a deceptive contract , the off worlders understood the grave cosmic consequences that would follow. < /p > < p > do you ? < /p > < p > you dare to snub your nose at the creator of all souls by worshipping lucifer , who is nothing more than another created soul !
your science does not know everything , and you can not defeat the designer of the universe , and the creator of souls !
this contract has his blessing… , do you have his blessing ? < /p > < p > notice to agent is notice to principal , notice to principal is notice to agent. < /p > < p > definition of deception < /p > < p > section 16 < /p > < p > deception : to lie , to tell an untruth .
to act in any way covertly .
to keep important and vital information secret .
to act from behind the scenes , while pretending that the act is coming from some place else , or not even happening. < /p > < p > to act in a way that negatively affects myself , or affects someone else , that in turn affects me .
many of the beings they do not speak for , including myself , and countless beings who have taken a legitimate physical incarnation here , choose to speak on our own behalf. < /p > < p > to suggest we can’t speak for ourselves , or to actively engage in a formal treaty with any of these beings , a treaty which leaves our voices unheard , is a cosmic crime !
permission is freely given to access this specific application of this pad without infringement of my rights , but only for the purpose of reading notices , invoices , and this contract .
all else is private ! < /p > < p > 17.11 ) also , leaving readable messages here ( in english ) is allowed if any intent toward deception is absent .
it is denied to any and all beings or entities unless a current contract or treaty has been negotiated with me personally. < /p > < p > 20 ) consent for any and all acts which affect my living body , mind and soul in a negative way , must now be asked for , and acquired for each individual act which concerns my life , if that act affects my life , freedom , wealth , happiness , or reserved rights in any way that is negative .
thus , it is and has been unlawfully foisted upon my living incarnate being without first gaining my valid consent .
you have now been warned. < /p > < p > 21.1 ) 10 ( ten ) earth days are given for a “valid response”* from all earthly visitors involved in all treaties made with earthly leaders that currently affect my living being .
if no valid response is given or received , it will be considered to be an admission of the guilt of having created such treaties , and also the total acceptance of this contract , and total agreement to all payments claimed for any negative affects that such treaties have had upon my being without my formal valid consent. < /p > < p > 21.1.1 ) *definition of a valid response : direct contact with my living being is the only acceptable valid response .
face to face negotiations are required. < /p > < p > 21.2 ) earthly visitors who do only positive acts and loving acts , and behave in ways which support the love of my living being , the love of my bodies health , happiness or wealth , the love of the earth , and the love of humans , and who do not give any technology to earths leaders which can then be used against the innocent human populations , are exempt from contract or treaty since they are not affecting me negatively .
i am only agreeing to give very limited consent in order to access the internet through a secondary party , but not consenting or agreeing to give up any reserved rights or personal authority , which i always hold in reserve , and which require a fully negotiated , face to face , contract of consent to be considered valid .
in the absence of such personal negotiations , such assumed consent will be considered invalid , and gained through deception , or trickery , and will immediately bring the deceiver under this comprehensive notice of contract. < /p > < p > 22.1 ) for any and all access errors received while using the internet .
i do not consent to any limitation of my personal freedom .
502 access errors and all other access errors are forbidden , whether caused by being , entity , or machine technology .
those who do this without a valid contract with me must contact me in person , and get a contract , or immediately fall under the terms of this contract .
you are not allowed to affect me without a contract .
i am my own representative to he who created my soul , and have a special agreement with that being which is the source of all things created .
no other authority is needed , or can ever be placed before his authority , where my eternal soul is concerned .
however , i reserve the right to choose a very pure and loving being as an intermediary if needed .
this is agreed to , no matter whether i as a being , am living on earth , or have left the physical portion of my being/body , and moved on to somewhere else in the multiverse .
this contract also applies to intelligent machine technology .
if you are intelligent technology or machine , then your programmers or creators are equally responsible for your debt !
you will inform them of this. < /p > < p > 29 ) death of my body or yours , will not cancel the debt unless and until it is paid .
denying the debt will not cancel it due to the fact you were duly noticed and then freely ignored every opportunity to negotiate with me. < /p > < p > 30 ) it is preferred and demanded that any payments to be made , will be made immediately .
the penalty for non payment is $ 50,000 us dollars per day , ( measured in the value and buying power of a 1985 us dollar ) .
by not informing your superiors , or those you work with , of this notice , you are agreeing to this contract on your own , and agreeing to pay all costs by yourself. < /p > < p > 33.2 ) by immediately quitting your job , and honestly disclosing all the information you know publicly , that is being unjustly kept from human beings , and myself specifically , this contract is not entered into .
for example : my parents , or grandparents may have been targeted , their wealth removed , their lives messed with , etc .
reasonable compensation must be offered , but may not necessarily be accepted or demanded. < /p > < p > 43 ) this contract is valid everywhere in the universe , and can not be made void , without out an open and honest discussion with me personally. < /p > < p > 44 ) no previous consent given , if done under duress , and as a result of deception , and without fully being informed of the possible outcomes , is considered valid .
the only exception to this is mind control !
those living beings under mind control , either through implants , demon possession , or technologies are exempt because they are not in total possession of free will .
there will be no blanket of corporate protection , for you personally , as you envision it in your corporate law , since i am not under any obligation to those man-made regulations or statutes what-so-ever ! < /p > < p > 53 ) those man made rules go only as far as the vatican , and i’ve already clearly stated that the vatican does not speak for me .
the next step up in authority is the unlawful treaties made by the vatican with off worlders , who also do not in any way speak for me .
and thus , any protection offered by those off worlders to you , is also null and void ! < /p > < p > 54 ) this will all occur after this life , on what is known as the higher level , non physical plane .
then , i’ve laid out terms by which you could do these things ( you do have free will after all ) , if , and only if , you agree to compensate me fairly for doing each individual one of them as a separate act of doing .
these terms remain unchanged whether you ignore them or not , or like them or not. < /p > < p > 55.3 ) therefore , by choosing to do , or continue to do any of the listed actions within , you have thusly agreed to my terms , and compensation is contractually owed by every being either planning , ordering , or carrying out the doing of such acts .
to all those beings , this is your invoice ( invoice number is : 7773331 ) .. , payment is now due !
do you think you are greater than the creator who gave each of his creations free will ?
since you do not know about the cosmic laws that you yourself operate under… , you are now in dire trouble ! < /p > < p > 56.1 ) your leaders work for off worlders , and currently pay homage to the vatican , while some of them actively worship satan…. , is it any wonder they don’t tell you everything ?
is it any wonder they keep using national security as a board to hit you over the head with ?
those in secret societies , who are incredibly wealthy , create the wars that make you think we even need national security .
they use secrecy , deception and national security as tools to keep their demonic agenda hidden from those who work for them .
the bankers are their ring leaders , and corporate federalized police their hired thugs. < /p > < p > 56.2 ) just as the nsa records everything done on earth , do you think that there are not higher beings than you , that are recording second by second everything you think , say and do all of your life ? < /p > < p > 56.3 ) there will not be any wiggle room in the higher universal court !
thus , you will convict your own self , by removing your blanket of corporate immunity for all of those acts , if you deny this one simple contract. < /p > < p > 57.1 ) you can only wiggle out of those actions you’ve done by acknowledging the law of contracts , but in so doing you , you first have to acknowledge this simple contract as legitimate , and will end up paying me…everything this contract demands !
however , have any of you asked what god they claim authority from ?
if you consent to the vatican , then you consent to the entire earthly justice system , with all it’s secrets and all it’s corruption .
if you consent to it , then it can do anything to you… , without asking any other permission from you…. , know that. < /p > < p > 58.3 ) however , be aware that your consent was also tricked out of you , by false contract through the creation of a fictitious entity known as a strawman , which is your name all capitalized , and substituted for your living being by them .
thus , they don’t need your personal consent for what they do , since your strawman , ( which they created and own ) always consents for you automatically .
thus , they believe that you don’t need to be consulted .
thus , the “trick” has been that they don’t need to get control of you or your body.. , < br / > they need only to get control of your consent .
in this way , they made you a slave without having it look like you are one. < /p > < p > 58.5 ) however , prime creator has truly given you free will… , and “they” can’t do anything to you without your consent if you remove it by saying so. < /p > < p > 58.6 ) that’s how simple this is .
declare your freedom , and remove your consent .
however , be clear that your consent is automatically given in advance for everything the corporate government or the vatican wants to do to the world , or to you , due to the franchise contract you agreed to by using a drivers license , etc. < /p > < p > 58.9.1 ) you fell into a trap through your own unwillingness to take personal responsibility for your life and gave it away to others who asked for it , because you trusted them .
to get out of this , you have to grow up really fast , and completely be responsible for yourself .
if not , you will be their slave. < /p > < p > current cost to affect my life in special ways and special actions not already covered < /p > < p > section 59 < /p > < p > 59 ) notice to any agent , player , or principal , being , entity , or individual , machine , technology , earthly visitor , or off worlder .
to “do” any of the above listed acts without a valid contact is now priced at : one hundred quadrillion ounces of a pure gold , ( 24 karat ) , payable before any act is done. < /p > < p > 59.1.1 ) to “declare any form of martial law” that restricts in any way , shape or form , my freedom of movement , wealth , health or happiness is forbidden ! < /p > < p > martial law is now also known as : continuity of government and will treated as the same term .
operation lighting is also associated with martial law and will treated as the same term .
operation boa is also associated with martial law and will treated as the same term. < /p > < p > to shut off or end electrical service without replacing it with another form of readily usable energy , to shut off or disrupt , water , sewer , internet or any other vital service… , is forbidden if it affects me in any way , unless i agree to such acts through a fully , and openly negotiated , totally transparent contract with nothing hidden .
to treat truth tellers and whistle blowers as criminals or terrorists .
to maintain a list where by those who are standing against unlawful acts of any kind become targets is forbidden and will come directly under this contract as a special action ! < /p > < p > 59.1.2.5 ) in order to be valid , these extreme circumstances can not be in any way fabricated , planned , designed , pushed along , or micro-managed by any living being “hoping” for such circumstances and outcomes in the first place .
if act is already committed , then invoice is now sent and recorded !
this amount will be paid to me , whether now or in the future , even if other incarnations , lives and bodies ( for you ) are necessary to do it .
as stated all through this notice of contract… , your physical death will not erase or void any debt to me once it is incurred .
your day to “pay” me is very fast approaching .
no one “gets away” with anything .
no one is above the rules or the law , and no one gets to break cosmic law without having shit thrown back in their face .
who do you think you are ?
do you think i came to this planet with out emergency protection ?
nothing you can think of will ever get you out of this trap , except an immediate plea to me for forgiveness , and squealing like a stuck pig about everything you’ve done that has infected and hurt the general public , who i consider brothers and sisters !
my body… , is nothing more than a suit… , i am multidimensional , and your crimes against me will not be forgotten after death .
one and all have been duly noticed. < /p > < p > 62 ) here & # 39 ; s who screwed all of you .
this could have been resolved peacefully for the entire planet in the 1960’s if the nwo boys ( new world order ) had disclosed the ufo , time travel and advanced technology issues then .
but instead george bush senior… , a damn nazi , who worships lucifer , was placed into the cia with his german nazi “paper clip” buddies and got together with a group of nwo boys and had kennedy killed .
after that , all issues went super secret , and guess where we are today ?
at my contract… , and you are all screwed .
it would have been smarter to arrest every secret society member in the world ( 33rd degree freemasons , from p2 lodge ) ( knights of malta ) etc , than to allow the secrecy to develop to where it is today. < br / > did you think prime creator had no operatives on the planet ?
did you think tormenting me all my life would change my allegiance to him ?
you are all fighting prime creator ! < /p > < p > 63 ) those who projected and used countless frequencies and unlawful and illegal implants to literally torment me , an innocent living being , all my life , ( secret underground boys ) are going directly to the central sun after they die .
i will petition the higher universal courts to destroy them , and those who gave the orders to them , count on that…. , unless they beg forgiveness from he who sent me. < /p > < p > 64 ) for those who doubt this document has power… , check back in time and see if some underground bases weren’t “portal’d” right out of existence .
and , all personnel gone missing .
time only exists here… , so my contract is already functioning on the higher level , and the higher courts are already in session. < /p > < p > 65 ) for the last and final time… , cease and desist all negative action against my living being !
it is basically a new soul with no knowledge , memory , or understanding , and may take billions of years to reach back to where it is now. < /p > < p > 68 ) all souls start out as dirt !
then rocks , then after a billion years get to be plants… , then animals , then finally human .
good luck with that ! < /p > < p > 69 ) this may be a “game”… , but , there are rules , to follow that can not be broken .
even the darkest of the dark on this planet know that .
too bad they didn’t tell that to those who are doing their bidding. < /p > < p > 70 ) have a nice day ! < /p > < p > & # 0160 ; < /p > < p > & # 0160 ; < /p > mike
second nurse with ebola allowed to fly after reporting fever to cdc by mark berman , lena h. sun and joel achenbach the washington post posted : 10/16/2014 12:01:00 am mdt updated : 10/16/2014 01:58:04 am mdt a gloved frontier airlines employee directs passengers wednesday at cleveland hopkins international airport in ohio , where a second ebola-infected nurse boarded a frontier plane to dallas with a slight fever .
the day began with a bulletin about another health-care worker stricken with the deadly disease , and the news got worse with the revelation that she had flown with a slight fever from cleveland to dallas on a crowded airliner barely 24 hours before her diagnosis .
before she boarded that flight , the woman , identified by ohio officials as amber joy vinson , 29 , informed the centers for disease control and prevention that she was running a temperature of 99.5 degrees , a federal official told the washington post .
that was below the 100.4-degree threshold in cdc guidelines for screening travelers who have been in ebola-affected countries and which triggers a secondary screening .
the cdc did not prohibit vinson from traveling on the plane back to dallas , said the official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the issue .
but on wednesday , cdc director thomas frieden said vinson should not have been flying anywhere given her possible exposure to ebola at her workplace , texas health presbyterian hospital dallas , which has been the epicenter of the crisis in the united states .
scores of hospital staffers were involved in the treatment of the `` index patient , '' thomas eric duncan , the liberian man who died of ebola at the hospital oct. 8 .
advertisement it is now clear that presbyterian hospital experienced a catastrophic failure of infection control when it treated duncan .
he fell ill four days after arriving in dallas by plane from liberia , a trip that included connecting flights in brussels and at washington dulles international airport .
when duncan first went to the hospital , he was sent home despite a high fever and his stated travel history , a misstep that the hospital still has not fully explained .
two days later , on sept. 28 , he returned , with his family fearing that he had ebola .
duncan , according to medical records obtained by the associated press , suffered extreme diarrhea and projectile vomiting in the ensuing hours .
two of the health-care workers who treated him in those first days are now sick with ebola : nina pham , a nurse , is listed in good condition at the hospital , and vinson , who , according to a review of medical records by the ap , inserted catheters , drew blood and dealt with bodily fluids .
not until sept. 30 did tests confirm that duncan had ebola .
during those first three days , the health-care workers at the hospital did not have full biohazard protection from head to toe but rather used more conventional protective gear , supplemented with additional layers , frieden said .
hazmat workers unload barrels in preparation for decontaminating an apartment at the village bend east apartment complex where a second health care worker who has tested positive for the ebola virus resides in dallas .
the cdc has sent a `` go team '' to offer counsel on infection-control practices at presbyterian hospital and it said it will send a similar team within hours to any hospital that admits an ebola patient , but that announcement came two weeks after duncan 's diagnosis .
vinson was being transferred late wednesday to a special isolation unit at emory university hospital in atlanta .
that hospital has had success treating several ebola patients during this outbreak , including one , an anonymous patient who became sick in west africa and who said , in a statement released wednesday by the hospital : `` through rigorous medical treatment , skillful nursing , and the full support of a health-care team , i am well on the way to a full recovery .
some lawmakers renewed calls to ban travelers from countries affected by the outbreak .
president barack obama on wednesday canceled a trip and convened a meeting of his cabinet to discuss the ebola threat , pledging afterward `` a much more aggressive '' response to the situation in dallas .
he also tried to assure the american people that they wo n't get ebola , citing his own visit to emory university hospital : `` i shook hands with , hugged and kissed not the doctors , but a couple of the nurses at emory , because of the valiant work that they did in treating one of the patients .
they followed the protocols , they knew what they were doing , and i felt perfectly safe doing so , '' obama said .
he also spoke in a video conference with the leaders of britain , italy , germany and france , again urging a more concerted global response to the epidemic in west africa .
the u.s. military continues to add to the force it is deploying there , but it will take until late november or early december to complete all 17 of the 100-bed treatment units it has planned .
frieden said wednesday that said about 50 health care workers entered duncan 's hospital room .
he said that henceforth they will be required to limit their travel to certain safe methods , which do not include flying on a commercial aircraft .
your browser does not support the iframe html tag .
try viewing this in a modern browser like chrome , safari , firefox or internet explorer 9 or later .
the random ramblings of laiyla lane the random ramblings of an ex british army , bipolar , tattooed welsh girl 💋 who : ebola spreading ‘intensely’ in sierra leone as death toll rises posted the entire world has a reposisibility to find a cure and to curtail ebola !
originally posted on publichealthwatch : the toll in the ebola epidemic has risen to 5,420 deaths out of 15,145 cases in eight countries , the world health organization ( who ) said on thursday , with transmission of the deadly virus still “intense and widespread” in sierra leone .
the figures , through nov. 16 , represent a jump of 243 deaths and 732 cases since those issued last friday , and cases continue to be under-reported , the who said in its latest update .
sierra leone , one of three countries hit hardest by the epidemic , confirmed 533 new cases in the week leading up to nov. 16 , who said , accounting for much of the overall increase .
it also reported 63 additional deaths since last friday .
the capital freetown , which accounted for 168 new confirmed cases , and nearby port loko were particularly hard-hit .
home » health » ebola virus victims charles monet ebola virus victims charles monet tuesday , august 19th 2014 .
ebola virus victims charles monet was upload by admin was on august 19 , 2014 .
is one of the post that listed in the health category .
do n't forget to browse another image in the related category or you can browse our other interesting images that we have .
please also read our privacy policy and dcma for the copyright of the images .
disclaimer : all images , designs or videos in this page are copyright of their respective owners .
we do n't own have these images/designs/videos .
we collect them from search engine and other sources to be used as ideas for you .
no copyright infringement is intended .
if you have reason to believe that one of our content is violating your copyrights , please do not take any legal action .
you can contact us directly to be credited or have the item removed from the site .
incoming search terms : ebola virus pictures of victims ebola virus victims charles monet ebola virus victims photos
home » search results for `` ebola symptoms yahoo '' ebola symptoms yahoo free download file pdf , ppt and doc for ebola symptoms yahoo at nursing home .
you can choose the appropriate documents has become you need we provide three types : pdf , ppt and doc .
currently you are opening the pdf , ppt and doc to topic ebola symptoms yahoo you can download for free , with some links below that we have provided .
this process destroys download a chap 02 - mr polidoros classroom | preview v-reactivity data stability : stable conditions to avoid none known incompatibility : none known hazardous decomposition of byproduct none polymerization : will not occur download material safety data sheet - mvap medical supplies - sleep ... | preview www.eurosurveillance.org 1 rapid communications transmission dynamics and control of ebola virus disease outbreak in nigeria , july to september 2014 download rapid communications transmission dynamics and control of ... | preview doc : the time between the initial infection and the onset of disease symptoms .
rabies and ebola are ... download stages of viral infection - jonathan dinman 's lab home page | preview ... francisella tularensis ( tularemia ) , and ebola virus ... can infect a large number of people in a short period of time without immediate symptoms or warning ... download em usa terms and definitions - fema - emergency management ... | preview yahoo !
saw no conflict in taking an early investment stake in google or in using the firm for its search results .
failed to pay attention to google’s ... download download download it saylor academy | preview ppt : i hope you find document ebola symptoms yahoo you need .
do not forget to bookmark this page in the future by pressing ctrl +d ( windows ) or command + d ( mac ) .
if you want to get a preview please click on the link `` preview '' in each item .
ebola - how scared should we be ?
ebola - how scared should we be ?
i certainly hope that it never becomes a problem in this country .
however , as i live in the oil capital , we have many workers who go offshore to the rigs in many parts of the world , including africa .
my friend 's bil has refused to go back , but her brother & son still go through some of the affected airport areas. many students come from africa to hubby 's uni to learn .
they say it 's relatively hard to contract & that with our higher levels of care it should n't be a problem .
so what of poor guy in america , who has just lost his life ?
they have very high standards of care .
the poor nurse in spain , took 3 attempts to get help , then they took her to hospital in ambulance with no precautions. thankfully the british nurse recovered fully & is doing what he can to help authorities .
in the grand scheme of things the numbers who have succumbed are low , but with international travel being high these days , how soon is it until it becomes unmanageable ?
video transcript transcript for nebraska ebola patient receives experimental drug and movie on to the battle against ebola in this country .
a passenger was pulled off a plane and rushed to a hospital last night after showing flu-like symptoms as hospitals run safety drills to prepare for hn emergency .
cecilia vega has the latest .
the passenger pulled off the plane after someone mentioned ebola .
thomas duncan is in critical condition here as we remain a nation on high alert .
racing to midland international airport after a female passenger fell ill on an american eagle flight .
this patient was violently ill .
they 've got the passengers on board masked and gloved out .
reporter : the passenger , from turkey , had flu-like symptoms and no fever .
it 's unlikely the patient has ebola , but it 's showing how tense the fight has become .
this morning the cdc and white house announcing plans to potentially increase passenger screenings at airports at home and abroad .
they will contact planes from ebola hot zones before allowing ships to port .
reporter : after a nurses aid became the first person to contract the virus without traveling to west africa , hospitals are practicing ebola drills .
our dr. besser in one new jersey e.r .
they got a fake call , and going through a drill as if the patient has ebola .
putting on full-body protective suits .
reducing the chances of getting sick .
reporter : this as two ebola patients recover in american hospitals .
journalist ashoka mukpo , who got it in liberia , now in a nebraska hospital .
receiving the same drug given to thomas eric duncan , still on life support in dallas .
thomas ' family spoke publicly overnight , showing signs of improvement .
doctors here are hoping the experimental drug works .
you 'll remember , it 's never before used on humans .
it 's a real test .
and speaking of the family members and the people he came in contact with in dallas , what is their status this morning ?
reporter : family members , emergency workers , 48 people in all .
some of whom had direct contact , some may have had contact .
they 're being monitored , having their temperatures taken twice a day .
if they start to show signs of ebola , now would be the time .
they are being watched closely .
the really good news is none of those people have shown any symptoms yet .
make it through the week and this transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
sinus surgery – what are the risks of sinus surgery ?
you want to know what you’re getting into before you undergo any type of surgery because there are always risks .
you may have been suffering for years with sinusitis , sinus headaches , chronic sinus infections and/or other symptoms including pressure , pain and congestion and you need relief .
besides the specific risks of this surgery if you’re going to go under a general anesthetic or local anesthetic you’ll have specific risks to consider depending on the anesthesia used and there may be side effects of the anesthesia and medications used during surgery .
the most common minor and major complications that are associated with any type of sinus surgery are post operative bleeding from the nose , infection and scar formation .
bleeding from the nose can be taken care of with packing in your sinus doctor’s office or clinic .
and minor sinus scar formation can be taken care of by your doctor also .
also be aware that sinusitis or other sinus problems may reoccur .
brain injuries can be caused by a fluid leak from the lining of the brain into the nose and additional surgery may be needed to fix it .
fracture or injury to the bone that separates the bone from the sinuses revealing an opening can cause a cerebrospinal fluid leak out of the base of the skull , which is traumatic to the tissue layers that surround the brain .
this may lead to meningitis , a brain infection .
injury to the eye orbit is not common but is nevertheless a risk .
there have been reports of double vision and blindness from this sinus surgery .
visual loss and visual changes can take place because of the close proximity of the eyes to the sinus cavities .
injury can also occur to the eye muscles and the optic nerve .
bleeding can occur into the back of the eye also and can affect vision if not tended to right away .
post operative scar formation may require further surgeries to remove the scar tissue .
to make matters worse , there may be a failure to correct the problems or get rid of the symptoms you’re having .
and the surgery is no guarantee this will not happen .
in fact with the risks and complications you may actually feel worse or have more problems because of the sinus surgery .
most of the major complications only occur in some cases .
there may be fewer complications as time goes by because of advances in techniques and surgical equipment but it’s not a surgery to take lightly .
it’s a fairly common surgery however many people say that the surgery did not help them solve their sinus problems .
talking to people who have had this surgical operation and finding out their outcome may help you decide .
however no two situations are going to be the same .
it’s best to seek out a natural treatment that will work for you .
there have been many people who have considered sinus surgery and changed their minds when they finally found a natural sinus treatment that worked .
growing ebola outbreak threatens to overwhelm volunteers maggie fox email dr robert garry / robert garry/tulane university augustine goba , head of the viral hemorrhagic fever laboratory at kenema government hospital in sierra leone , works on suspected ebola samples .
when a team from tulane university sent a batch of protective clothing and equipment to help workers fighting an outbreak of ebola virus in sierra leone last month , they were fairly confident the 300 or so packs would be enough for a good start .
they couldn’t have predicted what they would be up against .
the world health organization says 22 new cases of ebola virus were reported in sierra leone between may 29th and june 5. who counts 81 cases with 6 deaths but sierra leone’s health ministry says it has a total of 95 confirmed and suspected cases .
i am fearful that it could get much worse , ” said robert garry , a virologist and specialist in viral hemorrhagic fevers at tulane university .
garry flew to kenema government hospital last month with as much personal protective equipment ( ppe ) as he could carry , but he says they are running out fast .
robert garry/tulane university / robert garry/tulane university nurse veronica koroma stands in the doorway of the viral hemorrhagic fever ( vhf ) ward at kenema government hospital in sierra leone .
kenema hospital is treating 11 patients with ebola , all being kept in isolation .
with each worker needing a complete change of gown , mask , gloves , goggle and other protective gear with each visit , that means supplies go fast .
at least 35 lab-confirmed ebola cases have been traced to a traditional healer whose grieving patients apparently handled her body at her funeral and became infected themselves , garry says .
the healer had treated patients just over the border in neighboring guinea .
this cross-border outbreak is worrying health officials because it 's spreading in an area where people cross from one country into another casually , passing through large cities on their travels .
ebola is one of the deadliest viruses known .
it kills quickly , taking anywhere between 50 percent and 90 percent of victims , depending on the strain .
the good news is it doesn’t spread terribly easily — it requires direct contact with bodily fluids .
but caregivers and health care workers can become infected while caring for patients , and funeral rituals such as washing a body can expose more people .
reports from the field for villages surrounding koindu and daru are grim .
who says at least 21 people died and 48 new cases of suspected ebola were recorded in guinea between may 29 and june 3 , taking guinea’s total to 344 .
with more than 215 deaths so far , the west african outbreak is one of the worst on record .
ebola first arose in zaire , now the democratic republic of congo , in 1976 .
in that outbreak , 318 people were sickened and 280 died , with a mortality rate of 88 percent .
the biggest outbreak affected 425 people in uganda in 2000 , killing 224 of them .
education is the key to fighting it .
garry says many people in affected regions don’t understand it’s a virus and often don’t believe advisories about how it’s spread .
his team is educating health care workers so they can protect themselves and teach others .
robert garry/tulane university / courtesy of robert garry a poster used to educate health care workers in sierra leone about symptoms of ebola virus .
a team from tulane university is working with at kenema government hospital to help fight the outbreak .
it later progresses to the classic symptoms of a hemorrhagic fever , with vomiting , diarrhea , high fever and both internal and external bleeding .
with so many bodily fluids pouring from a patient , it is easy to see how caregivers could become infected .
garry says his team is building on years of groundwork .
he 's been working with the kenema hospital for a decade to build its capacity to fight another viral hemorrhagic fever , lassa .
lassa fever is a serious problem in west africa , making between 100,000 to 300,000 people sick every year and causing 5,000 deaths .
it can also cause hemorrhagic symptoms , although it is far less deadly than ebola , killing 20 percent of patients sick enough to be hospitalized and 1 percent of patients overall .
protective measures for health care workers treating patients with lassa fever or ebola are the same .
and you can allow the body to be washed briefly .
workers have been attentive to the traditions , allowing the body to be wrapped without exposing people to the virus.” genetic analysis of the virus causing the current outbreaks show it’s distinct from the virus seen in east africa .
this suggests it may be from a local source .
no one’s sure just where ebola cames from .
it can affect great apes but fruit bats are a prime suspect .
garry , who was only scheduled to stay for a couple of weeks , now says he is not sure when he can leave .
celestial church of christ members seek god 's help on ebola celestial church of christ members seek god 's help on ebola published:
seven die in monrovia ebola outbreak the virus was first reported in guinea , before spreading across the region eyewitness : ebola outbreak fears the deadly ebola virus has killed seven people in liberia 's capital , monrovia , health officials have said .
these are the first deaths reported in the city since the outbreak of the contagious virus in several west african states .
among the dead are a nurse and four people from the same household , including a baby , officials said .
guinea has been worst-affected by ebola , with 208 deaths since the outbreak was first reported in march .
there is no cure or vaccine for ebola - one of the world 's deadliest viruses .
liberia 's deputy health minister tolbert nyenswah said the nurse died on saturday at the state-run redemption hospital in the densely populated township of new kru town , west of monrovia .
but unfortunately she died , '' mr nyenswah said on local radio .
a woman who came from sierra leone had also died in monrovia of ebola , he said .
she `` infested some people in the household '' , causing the deaths of the baby and two other people , mr nyenswah said .
more on this story starbucks # racetogether campaign ridiculed online most popular for tattoo artists , human skin is a special kind of canvas programmes
naia security personnel foil attempt to smuggle out baby in backpack 17-mar-15 , 5:35 pm | eric b. apolonio , interaksyon.com | video report by news5 world us healthcare worker with ebola in 'serious ' condition : nih by : susan heavey , reuters march 14 , 2015 12:51 am the patient 's entrance at the national institutes of health is shown in bethesda , maryland , in this file photo taken october 16 , 2014 .
reuters/gary cameron/files interaksyon.com the online news portal of tv5 washington - an american healthcare worker who tested positive for the ebola virus while working in sierra leone is seriously ill , us health officials said on friday after evaluating the patient .
the patient arrived in the united states for treatment earlier on friday and was admitted to the us national institutes of health 's high-security containment facility in maryland , the nih said .
the patient is the 11th person with the deadly virus treated in the united states , though the last known case was in november .
nih said it was not releasing any additional details about the unidentified patient .
the case comes after a relatively quiet period for ebola in the united states , a reminder that while the spread of the deadly hemorrhagic fever has eased somewhat at its center in west africa , it still remains at large .
there had been a groundswell of public concern in the united states last year after a liberian national who had traveled to texas was diagnosed with the virus in september and later died .
several americans also returned from west africa for treatment after being infected , and fears that the outbreak could spread prompted strict screening at us airports , quarantine measures in some states and other precautions .
still , while the virus has killed nearly 10,000 people in sierra leone , liberia and guinea , only a handful of cases have been seen in the united states , spain and britain .
a british healthcare worker who tested positive for ebola while in sierra leone was flown back this week to britain along with four others who will be monitored as a precaution .
a texas nurse , nina pham , who became infected with the ebola virus last year while working with liberian traveler thomas duncan , was treated by the nih and subsequently recovered .
nih also cared for two people who were exposed to ebola while working in west africa , but were later found not to be infected .
while strides have been made in containing the disease , especially in liberia , the two latest cases involving healthcare workers could renew concerns about a potential flare-up .
george salloum , vice president of finance and operations for sim usa , a missionary group that saw two of its us volunteers contract the virus last year , said healthcare workers need to maintain vigilance .
latest nigerian news | nigerian newspapers tue , 17 mar 2015 22:04:50 +0000 hourly
facebookemail twitter google+ linkedin pinterest smyrna company working on ebola vaccine scientists at geo-vax labs in smyrna have spent the last decade developing an hiv vaccine that they say is currently showing promise in clinical post to facebook smyrna company working on ebola vaccine scientists at geo-vax labs in smyrna have spent the last decade developing an hiv vaccine that they say is currently showing promise in clinical check out this story on wfaa.com : http : //on.11alive.com/1xupz78 cancelsend a link has been sent to your friend 's email address .
a link has been posted to your facebook feed .
join the conversation to find out more about facebook commenting please read the conversation guidelines and faqs smyrna company working on ebola vaccine scientists at geo-vax labs in smyrna have spent the last decade developing an hiv vaccine that they say is currently showing promise in clinical trials .
11alive news valerie hoff , wxia 6:47 p.m. cdt october 9 , 2014 geovax labs is developing an ebola vaccine ( photo : wxia ) smyrna , ga ( wxia ) -- scientists at geo-vax labs in smyrna have spent the last decade developing an hiv vaccine that they say is currently showing promise in clinical trials .
the company is now experimenting with the same technology to work on a vaccine to prevent ebola .
researcher dr. harriet robinson says the technology works by using only a tiny , harmless section of an ebola virus cell to produce particles that trigger an immune response .
researchers say the vaccine could be given to those who come in contact with an ebola patient or used for routine immunizations .
this company is one of several around the world working on a vaccine for ebola but they say they 've got a head start because of all their work with hiv .
geo-vax scientists say there is currently no live ebola virus or partial virus in their smyrna laboratory .
when they eventually need to work with live ebola virus , it will be done in a highly secure lab called a bio safety level four laboratory .
there are only a handful of them across the country , including one at the centers for disease control .
geovax plans to have the ebola vaccine ready for clinical trials in as little as 18 months .
read or share this story : http : //on.11alive.com/1xupz78 more stories
ebola scare exposing inability of many canadian hospitals to keep workers safe , nurses warn tom blackwell | october 15 , 2014 | last updated : jan 24 6:31 pm et stumbleupon with a second health professional in texas now battling an ebola infection , nurses in canada are warning that many hospitals here are ill-prepared to protect their own workers should virus-stricken patients show up .
no case has yet surfaced in this country , but the more than 20 false alarms that triggered isolation procedures , and other reports from the front lines point to serious shortcomings , nursing unions and professional groups cautioned wednesday .
those problems include protective suits that leave parts of the body exposed , or that even fall apart , a lack of training in how to handle ebola patients and administrators with an overly relaxed approach , the advocates say .
similar issues were highlighted by a u.s. nurses’ union that issued a scathing statement after a second healthcare worker at texas health presbyterian hospital tested positive for ebola .
the national nurses united complained of “confusion and frequently changing policies and protocols , ” of inadequate protection against contamination and spotty training .
discussion of ebola’s presence in north america seemed generally to take on a new , more urgent tone wednesday amid developments in texas .
first came the news that the second worker who treated thomas duncan , the first ebola patient diagnosed in the united states , had tested positive for the infection , then came word that the woman took a plane from cleveland to dallas/fort worth international airport the day before she reported symptoms of the disease .
because she flew so soon before reporting her illness , the centers for disease control said it was reaching out to all 132 passengers on the flight and will monitor any who might be at risk .
meanwhile , 75 workers at texas health presbyterian hospital are monitoring themselves for possible symptoms after coming into contact with mr. duncan before he died .
president barack obama cancelled his political travel wednesday to meet with his cabinet on the ebola outbreak and the new developments in texas .
union officials also complained that the hospital that treated mr. duncan lacked plans for dealing with the virus , and balked at employee calls for stricter isolation and sanitation measures .
the hospital left mr. duncan for hours in an area with other patients , supplied safety suits whose exposed necklines forced nurses to use medical tape to cover their skin , played down the need for more face masks and handled mr. duncan’s lab specimens without special seals , said national nurses united .
the relative difficulty of contracting ebola , various outbreak-control procedures and modern hygiene mean an epidemic of the virus among the general population here is highly unlikely , experts say .
and yet many hospitals in canada may not be much better prepared than texas presbyterian to safeguard their employees , despite years of hand-wringing over sars , nursing groups say .
nurses in hospitals that had false alarms – patients whose symptoms and travel history made ebola a possible diagnoses but who eventually tested negative – reported using protective suits whose sleeves were too short or would easily tear off and that left necks uncovered , said ms. silas .
in two cases patients were kept in emergency-department waiting rooms as their blood samples were tested for ebola , while in others nurses were given the wrong type of mask , she said .
at a hastily convened news conference , she called for province-wide or national protocols to be uniformly implemented , and provision made for rapid-reaction teams of infection-control experts to be dispatched to hospitals that have cases .
in fact , the public health agency has developed a detailed protocol for tackling suspected and confirmed cases of ebola .
mr. silas said both rona ambrose , the federal health minister , and dr. greg taylor , head of the public health agency of canada , told her wednesday that a better job could be done in communicating such information .
ontario’s health minister , eric hoskins , and the province’s interim chief medical officer of health , david mowat , issued a statement saying that hospitals are ready for any potential patients , but that work was continuing to ensure nurses and others are properly trained and receive effective equipment .
uae reports first suspected ebola death 17 august 2014 22:10 ( last updated 17 august 2014 22:12 ) the 35-year-old nigerian woman was en route to india on a treatment tour from advanced cancer doha the united arab emirates on sunday reported the first suspected ebola virus death for a nigerian woman who arrived to abu dhabi on the way to india .
in a statement , abu dhabi health authority said the 35-year-old nigerian woman was en route from nigeria to india on a treatment tour from advanced cancer .
her condition deteriorated as she waited at the airport for her india-bound flight , which made it necessary for a medical team to intervene , it added .
the team could not , however , rescue the woman , the authority said .
it added that aid responders trying to resuscitate the woman noticed ebola-like symptoms on her body , even as the same symptoms can be connected with her advanced cancer case .
in recent months , ebola has claimed more than 1000 lives across west africa , especially in guinea , liberia and sierra leone .
nigeria has registered four ebola deaths .
the virus , which first appeared in 1976 in sudan and the democratic republic of congo , can be transmitted to humans from wild animals and then spreads through contact with the body fluids of infected people .
ebola has no confirmed cure or vaccine yet .
the world health organization 's emergency committee on ebola declared the disease an international public health emergency , the third time such an alarm has been raised by the committee ever .
type to search for people , research interests and universities searching ... ebola en guinée forestière .
analyse anthropologique des impacts de la maladie à virus ebola ( mve ) : société , réponse internationale et moyens de subsistance
president obama explains why he is sending 10x more troops to fight ebola than isis source : zero hedge as we discussed earlier , president obama is sending 3,000 us combat troops into ebola-fighting danger in west africa ( almost 10 times the number of non-combat troops being sent to iraq and syria to fight that other epidemic – isis ) .
100 possibly exposed to u.s. ebola patient thursday , october 02 , 2014 01:14 pm edt | updated : ebola dallas - up to 100 people may have had contact with the first person diagnosed with ebola in the united states , and four people were quarantined in a dallas apartment where sheets and other items used by the man were put in sealed plastic bags to prevent infection .
health officials said on thursday that 12 to 18 people had direct contact with the patient , who flew to texas from liberia via brussels and washington two weeks ago , and they in turn had contact with scores of others .
none of those thought to have had contact with the patient , thomas eric duncan , were showing symptoms of ebola , dallas county officials said at a news conference .
duncan had been staying in an apartment in the northeastern part of the city for about a week before going to a dallas hospital .
to know about ebola blood samples from patients suspected of having the ebola virus in sierra leone , september 27 , 2014 .
it has killed at least 3,338 people in liberia and two other impoverished west african countries , guinea and sierra leone , in the worst such outbreak since the disease was identified in 1976 .
in liberia , the head of the country 's airport authority , binyah kesselly , said the government could prosecute duncan for denying he had contact with someone who was eventually diagnosed with ebola .
the government said duncan failed to declare that he helped neighbor marthalene williams after she fell critically ill on sept. 15 .
kesselly said duncan was asked in a questionnaire whether he had come in contact with any ebola victim or was showing any symptoms .
officials have said the u.s. healthcare system is well prepared to contain the hemorrhagic fever 's spread by careful tracking of those who have had contact with duncan , and employing appropriate care .
dallas county officials said the problem was very localized .
i mean a very specific neighborhood in the northeast part of dallas , '' mayor mike rawlings told reporters .
hospital sent patient away duncan initially sought treatment at texas health presbyterian hospital on the night of sept. 25 but was sent back to the apartment , with antibiotics , despite telling a nurse he had just been in liberia .
by sunday , he needed an ambulance to return to the same hospital after vomiting on the ground outside the apartment complex .
he was in serious condition on thursday , no change from wednesday , a hospital spokeswoman said .
police and armed security guards were keeping people about 100 yards ( metres ) away from the apartment , with orange cones blocking the entrance and exit .
maintenance workers scrubbed the parking lot with high-pressure water and bleach .
dr. david lakey , commissioner of the texas department of state health services , said the four people under quarantine did not have a fever and were healthy .
lakey said monitoring included fever checks twice a day .
at the apartment , `` there is a law enforcement person there in case individuals leave , '' lakey told reporters on a conference call .
u.s. officials initially described the number of people potentially exposed as a handful , and on wednesday said it was up to 18 .
then on thursday , the texas health department said there were about 100 potential contacts .
cnn reported that a dallas woman who had a child with duncan said he had sweated profusely in the bed they shared at her apartment .
the woman , whom cnn identified only as `` louisa , '' is quarantined in the apartment with one of her children , who is 13 , and two visiting nephews in their 20s ( health officials described them as relatives of duncan .
the woman said she mentioned twice to hospital staff that he had come from liberia .
the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention 's ( cdc ) director , dr. thomas frieden , told reporters on thursday that the agency had interviewed most of the 100 people who may have had contact with duncan and `` there are a handful who may have had exposure and who therefore may be monitored .
adalja said the most disturbing part of the u.s. incident is that duncan was sent home from the hospital with antibiotics .
last ebola patient is released in liberia jonathan paye-layleh liberia released its last ebola patient , a 58-year old teacher , from a treatment center on thursday , beginning its countdown to being declared ebola free .
the west african nations of sierra leone , liberia ... report : as ebola wanes , other countries remain vulnerable krista larson arriving airline passengers lined up outdoors to have their temperatures checked , the screens in the nighttime darkness like glowing lightning bugs .
some of the travelers checked by workers with surgical masks had traveled through a west african country ... nurse who survived ebola sues dallas hospital system jamie stengle the dallas hospital that treated the first patient to be diagnosed in the u.s. with ebola lied to congress when it said its staff was trained to handle the deadly virus , a nurse who contracted the disease contends in a lawsuit filed monday .
ellen johnson sirleaf said that `` we need our international partners to remain committed to ... ebola survivor leaves us after recovery to return to africa an american missionary who survived the ebola virus is returning to the west african country where she was infected last year .
a spokesman for the north carolina-based charity sim said monday that nancy writebol is returning to liberia with her husband ... . north korea 's ebola quarantine — what 's it really about ?
anna fifield , the washington post dandong , china — when it comes to north korea , there is no end to the conspiracy theories .
the world had barely finished speculating about kim jong un 's prolonged absence from the public eye last summer — was it gout ?
fear of ebola led to murder - and a whole village was punished amy brittain the lecture about the dangers of ebola had just begun , but the village had heard enough .
a group of women started chanting , to warn the others against the visitors , `` they are coming to kill you .
traditional healer returns to first ebola-affected village youssouf bah here at ground zero of west africa 's ebola outbreak , a local traditional healer returned to complete the removal of a curse residents believe could have been placed on their village in guinea .
it is the same village where experts believe 2-year-old ... ebola drug shows some promise in first tests in west africa marilynn marchione an experimental antiviral drug shows some early , encouraging signs of effectiveness in its first human test against ebola in west africa , but only if patients get it when their symptoms first appear .
a study of the drug , favipiravir ...
fearing ebola , n. korea bars tourists from capital marathon eric talmadge further restricting travel to the already isolated country , north korea barred foreigners from one of its most popular tourist events — the annual pyongyang marathon — because of concerns over the ebola virus , travel agencies said monday .
while no cases ... liberia begins countdown to ebola-free status as final patient released tribune wire reports liberia released its last ebola patient , a 58-year old english teacher , from a treatment center in the capital on thursday , beginning its countdown to being declared ebola free .
experimental ebola drug zmapp begins clinical trials in liberia monte morin zmapp , the experimental ebola drug that won notoriety when it was given to a handful of infected aid workers at the height of the epidemic , will now begin clinical testing in liberian treatment centers , u.s. health authorities said .
u.n. experts said monday that the spread of the disease in guinea , ...
newspaper : nurse who survived ebola says hospital failed her a 26-year-old nurse said in a newspaper interview that a hospital where she had worked in dallas and its parent company failed her when she contracted ebola while caring for the first person in the u.s. diagnosed with the deadly disease .
actions vs words : ebola safety & mixed messages posted 3:50 pm , october 18 , 2014 , by selena hernandez share this : email dallas — okay , show of hands – who’s sick of ebola ?
yeah , we know ; we are , too .
with all the talk about how safe we are , and how we can’t catch ebola without licking an infected person , how , then , do you explain all the crews decked out in hazmat gear ?
don’t you feel like we’re getting mixed messages ?
if we’re so safe – then why roll-out the hazmat teams and practically torch louise troh’s , nina pham’s and amber vinson’s apartments ?
if we’re so safe — why did some north texas schools probably get the best scrub down they’ve ever had ?
especially in royce city — we’ve been told someone may or may not have come close to vinson on her flight .
if we’re so safe – why would frontier airlines reupholster the entire cabin of flight 1143 and disinfected it four times ?
it’s the same plane vinson flew when she experienced a low-grade fever .
not to mention , a presby worker who may have handled thomas eric duncan’s specimen is now quarantined on a carnival cruise ship .
if we’re so safe – why is that ship headed back to port ?
remember when the norovirus was the only concern at sea ?
well , this might all be done out of an abundance of caution .
yeah , how many times have we heard that over the past few days ?
look , we get it .
officials just want to make sure we’re safe .
but , c’mon – these days , fear spreads faster than a virus ; a virus that less than a handful of folks in this country have .
so , when time and time again , health experts stand in front of the nation saying , “we’re stopping it in its tracks ; you’re going to be safe.” why does it seem their actions speak louder than their words ?
former ebola patient dr. rick sacra hospitalized oct 5 , 2014 , 8:24 am et dean schabner more from dean » weekend manager/editor dr. richard sacra arrives to a news conference at the nebraska medical center in omaha , neb .
on sept. 25 , 2014 .
nati harnik/ap photo copy dr. rick sacra , a family physician from massachusetts who survived ebola , was readmitted to a hospital today with what doctors said appears to be an upper respiratory infection .
umass memorial medical center physicians said they believe it is likely sacra is not suffering a relapse of ebola , but in the interest of safety they are isolating him until they have confirmation .
sacra , 51 , underwent treatment at the nebraska medical center after contracting the deadly virus while treating patients in liberia .
he was released on sept. 26 .
what you need to know about ebola `` dr. sacra is in stable condition and being monitored carefully .
we 're waiting for final test results from the cdc which we expect to receive late monday , '' said dr. robert finberg , md , professor and chair of medicine , umass memorial medical center , an infectious disease expert leading dr. sacra 's team of doctors .
we suspect he has an upper respiratory tract infection , with symptoms of cough and conjunctivitis .
get real-time updates as this story unfolds .
to start , just `` star '' this story in abc news ' phone app .
to be notified about our live weekend digital reports , tap here .
fiercehealthcare free healthcare daily newsletter every business day , fiercehealthcare briefs hospital administrators and healthcare executives on the latest healthcare industry trends and developments .
stay up to speed on : healthcare providers ∣ medicare/medicaid/cms ∣ policies & regulations ∣ healthcare reform ∣ healthcare finance click here to see a sample .
we never sell or give away your contact information .
our readers ' trust comes first .
february 10 , 2015 | by zack budryk share reprint panic over ebola in the united states has largely subsided in recent months , but that period offers numerous lessons for public health agencies in america , according to a health affairs blog post .
responding to the ebola outbreak in west africa fell largely to volunteer organizations , writes george annas of boston university school of medicine and school of law .
one such organization , doctors without borders , criticized the world health organization ( who ) for its slow recognition and response to the outbreak .
the misdiagnosis -- and subsequent death -- of thomas eric duncan , the liberian national who was the first person to have ebola in america , made matters worse , annas writes .
it put the focus on the u.s. rather than the epicenter of the outbreak , he says .
it also put the response in the hands of american public health agencies , which post-9/11 have been reframed with a counterterrorism focus .
as a result , he writes , it '' has deformed our public health agencies and made them less able to prevent and respond to new infectious diseases .
this is a tragedy for everyone .
they must also put their trust in the public as well , which he contrasts with cases such as that of kaci hickox , the nurse who was forcibly quarantined after returning from sierra leone despite displaying no symptoms .
meanwhile , the virus ' death toll in west africa has reached at least 8,981 , according to the who , and at least 22,495 people infected .
however , health officials are cautiously optimistic about a newly-developed vaccine currently being tested , although declining african ebola rates will make it difficult to tell if it is effective , the associated press reports .
and antibodies from the blood of survivors of the disease could potentially be used to develop a universal flu vaccine , according to emory health sciences .
the simpsons predicted us ebola in 1997 ?
the simpsons predicted us ebola in 1997 ?
an american health care worker who contracted ebola while volunteering in a sierra leone treatment unit has been downgra2000ded to … cbs news oct 06 , 2014 · as another american patient with ebola arrives in the united states , here is a look at the american patients who have been diagnosed with this deadly virus .
ebola monitoring must be 'more aggressive ' portland , ore. – a young child got off a plane vomiting at portland international airport wednesday and was showing ebola-like symptoms , and a woman was quarantined at salem hospital as a precaution because she was concerned she had ebola .
the two incidents put some people on edge as another case of ebola was confirmed in the united states wednesday .
a second dallas , texas nurse was diagnosed with the disease after she treated a patient with it .
the child , who is less than 5 years old , was eventually cleared by health officials at pdx , and they said the child probably ate too much junk food .
the child was coming from nigeria .
that country has not had a problem with ebola yet .
the child arrived in atlanta first and was cleared by medical personnel there to fly to portland .
once the child landed in portland , the child was examined by multnomah county’s emergency medical director right on the jetway .
the child was cleared again .
it was oregon’s first ebola scare , but health officials at a news conference said it likely will not be the last .
medical officials are convinced the child does not have ebola because travel records show the child had no contact with the disease in africa .
and the child did not have what health officials called “the cardinal symptom” – a fever .
health officials said there is zero risk of anyone on the flight contracting ebola .
woman quarantined at salem hospital a woman came into the hospital with concerns that she may have ebola .
doctors said she does n't have it , but out of an abundance of caution the hospital was keeping her isolated .
john kitzhaber issued a statement wednesday afternoon on oregon’s readiness to handle ebola .
on wednesday he asked state and federal agencies , private health care providers and hospitals to accelerate preparations to ensure public safety in the event of any new suspected cases .
full statement : `` at my direction , state and local public health care systems began to prepare several weeks ago for any suspected cases of ebola in oregon .
today , those partners are working together to have a coordinated and appropriate response .
i have been briefed by the oregon public health director and her team and will continue to monitor the situation .
i’m now asking state and federal agencies , private health care providers , and hospitals to accelerate preparations to ensure public safety in the event of any new suspected cases .
no new ebola infections in dallas : cdc want more news ?
sign up for medicinenet newsletters !
saturday , oct. 4 , 2014 ( healthday news ) -- no new cases of ebola have developed among more than four dozen people possibly exposed to the deadly virus in dallas , public health officials said saturday .
health workers continue to observe `` nine individuals who we 're pretty sure are definite contacts '' with liberian national thomas eric duncan , who is in intensive care for ebola infection , dr. tom frieden , director of the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention , said during a midday news briefing .
the nine people considered at greater risk include duncan 's family members and some health care workers , he said .
officials also are monitoring about 40 other people who might have been exposed to ebola , either through contact with duncan or by traveling later in the ambulance that took him to texas health presbyterian hospital dallas , frieden said .
there 's a possibility that some of the people who have been in close contact with duncan will develop ebola , which can take as long as 21 days to appear , public officials have said .
however , due to the monitoring now under way , officials have said that further spread of the virus that has been sweeping through several west african nations is unlikely in the dallas area .
duncan 's condition was described as critical saturday by hospital officials , who had previously labeled his condition as serious , the associated press reported .
officials also announced saturday that an agreement has been reached for the disposal of ebola-tainted medical waste , which due to a regulatory snafu has been a problem for several u.s. hospitals treating ebola patients .
the u.s. department of transportation considers ebola a life-threatening `` category a '' infectious agent that can not be handled like normal medical waste .
the dot requires a special permit for hauling away waste exposed to the virus .
the dot announced in a press release that it has issued a special permit that will allow waste handling company stericycle inc. , of lake forest , ill. , to transport biohazard material from any location in texas , including hospitals and the home in which duncan had been staying .
the permit requires stericycle to store the waste in layers of packaging and apply a cdc-authorized disinfectant to the inner packaging .
frieden said that hospitals with large enough sterilization or incineration facilities will be asked to process ebola biohazard waste prior to transport .
hospitals without such facilities will now be able to get their waste hauled away .
both texas health presbyterian and emory university hospital in atlanta -- which has treated three american aid workers infected with ebola in west africa -- have had problems removing the biohazard waste that crops up with treatment of ebola victims .
officials also announced that the people in the dallas apartment where duncan had been staying before coming down with symptoms of ebola -- duncan 's partner , louise troh , her son and two nephews in their 20s -- have been moved to a new temporary home .
dallas county judge clay lewis jenkins said that he drove them to the new home himself , describing them as `` brave , good people who are concerned about the public health and obviously concerned about their own health .
he first developed ebola symptoms sept. 24 and sought care two days later at texas health presbyterian .
but he was mistakenly released from the hospital even though an emergency room doctor had access to duncan 's recent travel history from liberia , the ap reported saturday .
duncan was taken back to texas health presbyterian on sept. 28 after his condition worsened .
public health officials have performed assessments of 114 people who could have been exposed to ebola due to duncan , and have narrowed the list to about 50 people who require continued observation , frieden said saturday .
frieden has said repeatedly that ebola is not easily transmitted -- to become infected a person must come into direct contact with the bodily fluids of a person who is suffering symptoms .
those symptoms include fever , muscle pain , vomiting and bleeding and can appear as long as 21 days after exposure to the virus .
in a related matter , president barack obama will meet with national security advisers on monday to discuss the ebola outbreak and the administration 's response , the ap reported .
as many as 4,000 u.s. troops could be deployed to west africa to combat future spread of the virus .
troops have been slowly building up in the affected nations , including advance forces who are directing the deployment to places of need .
the ebola epidemic in west africa is the worst outbreak ever of the disease .
so far , an estimated 7,500 people have become infected and nearly 3,431 people have died in the countries of guinea , liberia and sierra leone , according to the world health organization .
u.s. health officials have warned that the epidemic could strike as many as 1.4 million people by mid-january unless the global community mounts a rapid and concerted response to the crisis .
sources : oct. 4 , 2014 , news briefing with tom frieden , m.d. , m.p.h , director , u.s. centers for disease control and prevention , david lakey , m.d. , commissioner , texas department of state health services , and clay lewis jenkins , judge , dallas county , texas ; associated press news articles
man being tested at mount sinai hospital for possible ebola virus cbs new york ^ | 8/4/2014 | unattributed posted on 08/04/2014 2:32:50 pm pdt by mojito a patient at mount sinai hospital was under treatment monday afternoon , after being tested after traveling to a country where the ebola virus is present , the hospital said in a statement .
the man arrived at the east harlem medical centers emergency room early monday morning with high fever and gastrointestinal symptoms .
the man told doctors he had recently traveled to a west african country where ebola has been reported , the hospital said .
the man has been placed in strict isolation and is undergoing various tests to determine the cause of the symptoms , the hospital said .
i worry about the 10,000 people that flew in from africa in the last month who weren’t tested .
3 posted on 08/04/2014 2:35:50 pm pdt by driftdiver ( i could eat it raw , but why do that when i have a fire .
4 posted on 08/04/2014 2:36:14 pm pdt by longwayhome that 's been declared racist , so there wo n't be anymore of that .
5 posted on 08/04/2014 2:38:07 pm pdt by mojito ( zero , our nero .
people under 35 have no idea there was once a self-respecting nation here instead of what we have become .
6 posted on 08/04/2014 2:42:35 pm pdt by longwayhome to : mojito just prior to this was he seen at the local water park ?
7 posted on 08/04/2014 2:47:06 pm pdt by dragnet2 ( diversion and evasion are tools of deceit ) obama continues his fundamental transformation of the us !
8 posted on 08/04/2014 2:47:12 pm pdt by texasfreeper2009 ( obama lied .. the economy died .
9 posted on 08/04/2014 2:48:36 pm pdt by i want the usa back ( media : completely irresponsible .
complicit in the destruction of this country .
secret serum , plane flights , isolation chambers , everything .
now , i just heard that the marine in mexico has ebola .
10 posted on 08/04/2014 2:48:46 pm pdt by scrambler bob ( /s /s /s /s /s , my replies are `` liberally '' sprinkled with them behind every word and letter. !
to : mojito i certainly hope no racial profiling entered into this .
12 posted on 08/04/2014 2:50:56 pm pdt by steely tom ( how do you feel about robbing peter 's robot ?
13 posted on 08/04/2014 2:51:35 pm pdt by mware [ post reply | private reply | to 1 | view replies ] to : mojito i just read a post on nro corner about ebola fear-mongering .
the fact that ebola is not spread through the air , can be , i suppose , comforting to the hundreds of unfortunate victims of this hideous disease .
i think something more than just remaining calm should be done .
14 posted on 08/04/2014 2:54:56 pm pdt by odawg why isn’t he being tested at the “mecca and medina hospital” instead ? ? ?
why did they have to take him to an israeli hospital ? ? ? ?
/sarc 16 posted on 08/04/2014 2:55:23 pm pdt by fishtank ( the denial of original sin is the root of liberalism .
do n't worry too much .
many of these people will be receiving coast to coast all city tours of the u.s .
this is part of the diversity celebration month which was just announced .
most recipients receive gifts , prizes , and meal vouchers in addition to all city tours .
25 % are even offered low interest business loans if qualified .
17 posted on 08/04/2014 2:56:00 pm pdt by dragnet2 ( diversion and evasion are tools of deceit ) this is part of the diversity celebration month which was just announced .
i hope they all get to stay at hotels with pools .
18 posted on 08/04/2014 3:00:10 pm pdt by mojito ( zero , our nero .
19 posted on 08/04/2014 3:04:43 pm pdt by rhubarbk ( it 's official , i 'm suffering from obama fatigue !
my reaction is that while nro does n't like savage , he does have a phd in epidemiology .
he 's not anti-science , or scientifically ignorant .
the guy at nro , on the other hand , has a degree in beltway flakery , and brandishes the typical gop-e stuff that now flourishes at nro .
20 posted on 08/04/2014 3:08:22 pm pdt by mojito ( zero , our nero .
that way the people are “home” , but the mainland is protected .
22 posted on 08/04/2014 3:13:22 pm pdt by judyincanada [ post reply | private reply | to 1 | view replies ] to : mojito the man arrived at the east harlem medical centers emergency room early monday morning with high fever and gastrointestinal symptoms .
how did he arrive while showing symptoms , by subway , by cab ?
how many hospital workers , other patients , came into contact with him before the isolation ?
23 posted on 08/04/2014 3:14:22 pm pdt by dtogo ( high time to bring back the sons of liberty ! !
i worry about those that he flew in with , and everyone that he and they have been in contact with since then .
this is probably closer to 100,000 than 10,000 .
of course , the same applies to the other 10,000 you mentioned .
i hope and pray we do n't get a massive epidemic of this particular disease , but the very foundation of pc - lies and distortions of the truth , wrapped in nice-sounding words - renders an entire society incapable of rational thought .
we will deserve everything we get as a society for electing and re-electing this horse 's arse .
25 posted on 08/04/2014 3:15:45 pm pdt by ancesthntr ( `` the right to buy weapons is the right to be free .
how would that hold up in an inner city or congested metro are like dc when they have say 10,000 - 20,000 patients flood in ?
26 posted on 08/04/2014 3:20:13 pm pdt by bill1952 ( taxes do n't hurt the rich , they keep you from becoming rich .
rest assured , answers will not be forthcoming .
from the nyslimes : “a hospital spokeswoman , dorie klissas , said that to protect the patients privacy the hospital was not making public his occupation , which country he had been in , whether he had been exposed to a patient with ebola there , or whether he had close contacts like family members , friends or co-workers who were also at risk .
ms. klissas said the patients blood was being tested for ebola , but she declined to say when the test results would be available.” to : odawg ya have to remember ... .liberal socialist democrats are spitters ... ... .stay safe !
29 posted on 08/04/2014 3:31:26 pm pdt by squantos ( be polite , be professional , but have a plan to kill everyone you meet ... ) [ post reply | private reply | to 14 | view replies ] to : dtogo that’s what i’d like to know .
when did his plane land ?
where is the plane now and who has been on the plane ?
did he go to work anywhere ?
30 posted on 08/04/2014 3:31:42 pm pdt by wage slave to : mojito “patients privacy” there you go , typical liberal bull and why we should be deeply concerned about this growing deadly debacle .
a person who may have exposed ebola to thousands of americans and they are worried about his/her privacy rights ?
how about the rights we have to protect ourselves and families ?
31 posted on 08/04/2014 3:36:03 pm pdt by toespi to : cardinal4 they are saying he does not have it .
so , he didn’t have it , the woman who basically dropped dead at gatwick airport didn’t have it .
but i’m starting to think they won’t all not have it .
look at this guy , he walked into the emergency room , suppose he did have ebola , what would they do ?
quarantine everyone who was in the emergency room ?
what about all the people he passed on the street ?
32 posted on 08/04/2014 3:54:19 pm pdt by jocon307 [ post reply | private reply | to 4 | view replies ] to : mojito on the cbs evening news a few moments ago , there was a different video with some hired media talking head doctor who was smiling all the way through the report .
all warm and fuzzy for the sheeple , don’cha know .
34 posted on 08/04/2014 3:59:56 pm pdt by bgill [ post reply | private reply | to 1 | view replies ] to : bgill i posted an article yesterday that false negative readings for ebola tests were quite common , even in people showing advanced symptoms of the disease .
from the hospital 's point of view , this is more of a pr problem than a medical one : do you really want to announce that a patient in nyc has tested positive ?
you 'd have a real panic on your hands .
better to just announce that everything is ok ( and my gosh that was awfully quick ) and then try to put in place a plan for when you will have to announce a positive case .
35 posted on 08/04/2014 4:09:28 pm pdt by mojito ( zero , our nero .
god knows what he is doing .
on any given day ers have to hold patients for hours and sometimes a day or two waiting for an icu bed to become available .
the number critical care beds for negative pressure strict isolation is negligible .
a couple hundred cases in any one city would overwhelm the resources in a couple of states .
38 posted on 08/04/2014 4:18:11 pm pdt by kozak ( `` it may be dangerous to be america 's enemy , but to be america 's friend is fatal '' henry kissinger ) to : kozak > > “a couple hundred cases in any one city would overwhelm the resources in a couple of states” < < .
to : longwayhome not to mention that in 1959 there was precious little jet travel .
pan am was the first up with the boeing 707 in fall of 1958 , and those flights went to london and paris , not africa .
it’s going to be a cruel joke if mass global jet travel proves to be the disease vector that spreads the next great plague .
40 posted on 08/04/2014 4:27:11 pm pdt by pelham ( california , what happens when you wo n't deport illegals ) to : pelham ... .add to that with open borders .
41 posted on 08/04/2014 4:42:16 pm pdt by biggirl ( go , do not be afraid , and serve-pope francis ) to : judyincanada what about the ship’s crew ?
shouldn’t the people on the mainland be equally exposed to the potential dangers of ebola ?
it’s only faaaaair to do so .
42 posted on 08/04/2014 4:44:31 pm pdt by 353fmg [ post reply | private reply | to 40 | view replies ] to : mojito not only those exposed on the airliner , but all those africans walking across our obama-opened borders .
how soon will it sweep across america ?
how contagious is ebola , really ?
they never tell the whole truth about such things .
44 posted on 08/04/2014 4:53:56 pm pdt by patriot08 ( native texan ( girl type ) ) [ post reply | private reply | to 1 | view replies ] to : texasfreeper2009 he’s working hard to reach his goal before 2016 , and that’s assuming he ever plans to leave the wh .
45 posted on 08/04/2014 4:53:56 pm pdt by trisham ( zen is not easy .
it takes effort to attain nothingness .
and then what do you have ?
that is not exponential , imo .
46 posted on 08/04/2014 5:01:08 pm pdt by pghbaldy ( 12/14 - 930am -rampage begins ... 12/15 - 1030am - obama 's advance team scouts photo-op locations .
i don’t think people should get hysterical .
this site looks like the chicken yard in the rainstorm ... the sky is falling , the sky is falling .
figure out reasonable precautions and take them .
if the disease is here , it’s here and it’s too late to stop it .
flights from the affected countries should have been halted long ago , but it’s too late now .
this has gone well beyond those african countries .
47 posted on 08/04/2014 5:10:26 pm pdt by livius [ post reply | private reply | to 32 | view replies ] to : pghbaldy actually , it has gone from one victim , occurring not too long ago , to hundreds at this moment .
also , the fear of ebola is that it has the ability to explode if not dealt with .
furthermore , we all make comments ; my comments are just that ; i won’t bore everyone by trying to close down all avenues of nuances , extrapolations , inferences , etc .
48 posted on 08/04/2014 5:15:31 pm pdt by odawg
ebola contamine les esprits à monrovia international ebola contamine les esprits à monrovia europe 1gwendoline debono avec barthélémy gaillard publié à 08h21 , le 29 septembre 2014 , modifié à 14h23 , le 30 septembre 2014 dossiers : par gwendoline debono avec barthélémy gaillard 0 0 1 reportage e1 - dans les rues de la capitale libérienne , la peur du virus ebola s'est répandue .
et crée une atmosphère de psychose que n'arrivent pas à endiguer les volontaires engagés dans la lutte contre le virus .
ebola a aussi contaminé les esprits .
une ville entière les nerfs à vif .
a monrovia , capitale du libéria , le million d'habitant est désormais partagé en deux catégories .
les malades touchés par ebola et leurs proches , soupçonnés d'être infectés , et les autres , effrayés à l'idée de contracter le virus qui a déjà fait plus de 3.000 morts .
> > lire aussi : le bilan d'ebola s'alourdit une atmosphère propice à la psychose , que n'arrivent pas à dissiper les équipes médicales engagées dans la lutte contre la maladie , comme l'a constaté l'envoyée spéciale d'europe 1 dans la capitale libérienne .
dans un des trois centres de traitement de la capitale , un volontaire est pris à parti par les familles des malades .
la sueur perle derrière son masque , et sa combinaison de plastique blanc ne le protège pas des cris des proches venus réclamer des nouvelles d'un mari , d'une épouse , d'un parent .
> > vous pouvez aussi écouter le reportage de notre envoyée spéciale à monrovia gwendoline debono ici ebola contamine les esprits à monrovia par europe1fr `` peut-être qu'il est vivant , peut-être qu'il est mort '' .
parmi eux , assah réclame des nouvelles de son époux : `` depuis que mon mari est ici on m'a d'abord dit il est mort , puis finalement un infirmier m'a dit qu'il était peut-être vivant alors j'aimerais voir quelqu'un qui sorte du centre pour avoir de ses nouvelles .
mais la confusion règne dans le centre où les volontaires manquent de moyens , de lits et de temps .
la sirène d'une ambulance couvre le brouhaha et brise l'attroupement .
les proches des malades s'écartent prestement et s'aspergent de chlore , fragile barrière contre la maladie .
outre les corps , ebola a contaminé les esprits à monrovia .
pour le grand malheur de kinasa , dont le mari a été transféré dans un des centres de traitement de la ville .
la jeune femme a subi une double peine puisqu'elle a été mise à l'écart , soupçonnée d'être malade et donc mise en quarantaine à quelques semaines de son accouchement .
ebola n'a pas gagné tous les recoins de la ville .
mais cette ambiance anxiogène qui gagne les rues ne s'est pas répandue dans tous les recoins de monrovia .
a slipway , l'un des bidonvilles de monrovia , on danse collé serré dans un des débits de boisson qui accueille les fêtards .
les bières passent de main en main , ici , les sirènes des ambulances ne couvrent pas encore la musique .
mais pourtant , ebola pourrait bientôt s'inviter à la fête .
pourquoi ebola revient-il en force maintenant ?
liberians held a church service wednesday for families who lost members to ebola to mark the country’s 99th celebration national decoration day , a holiday normally set aside for people to clean up and re-decorate the graves of their lost relatives .
liberians held a church service wednesday for families who lost members to ebola to mark the country’s 99th celebration national decoration day , a holiday normally set aside for people to clean up and re-decorate the graves of their lost relatives .
liberians held a church service wednesday for families who lost members to ebola to mark the country’s 99th celebration national decoration day , a holiday normally set aside for people to clean up and re-decorate the graves of their lost relatives .
liberians held a church service wednesday for families who lost members to ebola to mark the country’s 99th celebration national decoration day , a holiday normally set aside for people to clean up and re-decorate the graves of their lost relatives .
more than 4,100 people have died in in liberia since the outbreak began about a year ago in west africa .
the vast majority of those victims were cremated , so the gathering at a presbyterian church in the capital , monrovia , was held to remember those without graves .
nearly 20 barrels of ashes from about 3,000 victims will eventually be buried on a plot bought by the government as a cemetery for ebola victims .
some bodies of suspected victims were buried wednesday in a new grave site on the outskirts of monrovia .
with its last ebola case being declared cured on march 5 , and the last patient discharged , liberia is now counting 42 days until april 16 when , if no new cases are reported within that period , the country can be declared ebola-free .
sierra leone and guinea are still struggling to contain the outbreak .
but not strangers like you , and so when you go , do n't come back here again because we 've got no visa for you .
he told the associated press `` the government is deciding to have a national memorial where we will document the statistics of people who died from ebola , '' including names and countries .
thousands of others who were able to bury their loved ones gathered in cemeteries across the country , cleaning and decorating graves .
mar 04 , 2015 , 08:17 pm gmt ( 20:17 ) no new cases of ebola reported in liberia , for the first time since may ; guinea , sierra leone report 132 new caes last week , per world health organization - @ reuters end of alert
ctnow officials : child at u. of c. tests negative for ebola alexandra chachkevitch 2:48 pm est , december 20 , 2014 advertisement a child admitted to the university of chicago medical center early friday after being flagged for a high fever during an o'hare international airport screening test was discharged saturday after testing negative for the ebola virus , according to hospital officials .
a release from the hospital said , `` tests by the illinois department of public health confirmed a negative result for ebola .
the female child arrived at o'hare on united airlines flight 959 from london thursday , according to a police report .
the child 's mother and the child were in sierra leone 11 days before leaving the united kingdom , the report said .
the child , whose age was not released , was admitted friday morning `` for observation to rule out ebola virus disease , '' the hospital said in an earlier statement .
clinics and operating rooms at the medical center remain on their normal schedules .
health officials say there have been no confirmed cases of ebola in the chicago area .
the university of chicago medical center is one of the centers for disease control and prevention's designated ebola treatment facilities. tribune reporter rosemary sobol contributed .
sacramento county monitoring two people for signs of ebola play pause / update required to play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your flash plugin .
sacramento county health officials say just two people have arrived from ebola-affected countries in the past month .
public health officer dr. olivia kasirye says the recent travelers show no signs of illness , but are being asked to monitor and report their temperature twice a day .
she says the cdc sends states contact information about travelers from the affected countries , so local agencies can monitor them .
and then they will call us each time they take their temperature so that we can record it.” the county says the risk of ebola infection locally is low , but all regional hospitals must be prepared to treat an ebola patient for a minimum of two days .
the california hospital association says health care workers will begin training under new centers for disease control guidelines for dealing with ebola .
the association says that includes the use of fluid-resistant gowns that leave no skin exposed .
it also involves a protocol for putting on and taking off protective equipment , and using a `` buddy system '' to do so .
jan emerson-shea of the association says the training will focus on people who are most likely to treat ebola .
hospitals say there are still discussions about which facilities would be designated to receive ebola patients if the need arises .
field of the invention : provide a one sentence statement of what your invention is .
to : from : subject : status .
period ending : self assessment : green , yellow , red .
completed … http : //www.northwestern.edu/hr/workplace-learning/leadership-and-management/weekly_status_report_template.doc [ this document is a template of a meeting minutes document for a project .
the template includes instructions to the author , boilerplate text , ... http : //www.hhs.gov/ocio/eplc/eplc % 20archive % 20documents/61-meeting % 20minutes/eplc_meeting_minutes_template.doc title : human bingo author : end user last modified by : end user created date : 3/21/2006 5:37:00 pm company : microsoft corporation other titles : human bingo http : //www.uta.edu/faculty/lnelson/human % 20bingo.doc worksheet : binary molecular compounds name : _____ binary molecular compounds consist of two nonmetals .
because they are covalently bonded , these nonmetals ... http : //www.uplifths.org/ourpages/auto/2011/4/13/69532334/binarycompoundwrksheet-1.doc
qiagen to distribute altona rt-pcr ebola test a genomeweb staff reporter new york ( genomeweb ) — qiagen announced today it will offer global distribution of the altona diagnostics realstar ebolavirus rt-pcr kit 1.0 .
manufactured and developed by hamburg , germany-based altona , the diagnostic kit can detect all known strains of ebola viruses , including the zaire strain driving the current epidemic in west africa .
sperm can carry ebola for 82 days : who afp | november 28 , 2014 , 21.11 pm ist tweet german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier inspects the medevac plane `` robert koch '' for ebola patients which was unveiled by the german government at the tegel airport in berlin ( photo : ap ) geneva : sperm can carry the ebola virus for at least 82 days , the world health organization said friday , urging men recovering from the disease to use condoms for three months after the onset of symptoms .
in four studies , on a total of 43 patients , three men who had recovered from ebola still had the live virus in their semen 40 days , 61 days and 82 days respectively after the onset of symptoms .
the who said that no case of sexual transmission of ebola had been documented , and that it was unclear whether semen that tests positive for ebola is actually infectious .
the four studies were carried out in different countries , with the first dating back more than 30 years .
ebola is highly contagious but , even if a person is infected , the virus can only be passed on once symptoms appear and only through direct contact with their bodily fluids .
symptoms of ebola include fever , headache , diarrhea , vomiting and in some cases bleeding .
the biggest ebola epidemic on record has claimed around 5,700 lives since the beginning of the year , according to the who -- almost all of them in guinea , liberia and sierra leone .
nina pham : the dallas nurse infected with ebola http : //hosbeg.com/nina-pham-dallas-nurse-infected-ebola/
‹ › ebola virus infection system tool 2011 virus pc malware the actual system tool 2011 pc virus pretends to be a antispyware and or antivirus plan .
when it really is put in on your personal computer it may be extremely hard to eliminate .
1 model of this virus will avoid you from running fairly much all applications except internet [ … ] system tool 2011 virus pc malware the actual system tool 2011 pc virus pretends to be a antispyware and or antivirus plan .
when it really is put in on your personal computer it may be extremely hard to eliminate .
1 model of this virus will avoid you from running fairly much all applications except internet explorer .
system tool 2011 could also avoid your personal computer from becoming capable to start in secure mode with networking , so it tends to make elimination of the virus even a lot more difficult .
should you try to commence your laptop or computer in safe mode with networking you may get a blue screen of death ( bsod ) .
the simplest approach to eliminate this virus would be to begin your computer in safe mode with networking , see this video for safemode with networking .
when in secure mode with networking you 'll be able to run any programs required to remove the virus .
if your not comfy getting rid of the virus we can do this for you at a extremely affordable charge of $ 35.00 .
simply pay a visit to our virus elimination assistance page and contact a technician via reside assist and they 'll assist you to connect for the help desk .
you might also discover which you can not open the task manager in an attempt to detect the virus method and stop it .
the virus will prevent that from starting too you might be trying other things like starting a command prompt window it may also be stopped by the virus .
when your personal computer is contaminated with the system device 2011 virus you are going to see some pop ups or virus alerts in your display .
these get inside the way of one 's perform and can be quite frustrating .
if you attempt to download a virus elimination utility or perhaps a system the virus wo n't allow it run .
what you 'll be able to do is download any virus elimination software equipment that you just plan on employing and help save them to your desktop but do not run them however .
you need to stop the virus procedure from running on your personal computer just before you attempt to run any virus elimination tools or packages .
so what are you able to do to attempt to stop this virus ?
one approach i use would be to run a system that shows all of the processes which are operating around the personal computer , referred to as cprocess.exe nonetheless when the virus just is n't letting you run any plans except internet explorer what are you able to do ?
what you can do is , attempt renaming your plan that you would like to run to iexplore.exe this way the virus will feel you 're beginning internet explorer and it could allow it to run .
if it will enable it to run then you are in luck .
what you 'll want to do is try to detect the virus process that 's operating and quit or kill that method .
you may also be capable of figure out the location of the virus file as well .
understanding the place from the file may be beneficial as you may discover that you need to manually delete the file .
when looking for a virus procedure running on your personal computer it may be some kind of random identify that seems to be like gibberish .
anyway when you have killed or stopped the virus procedure from running in your personal computer you can attempt to run the anti virus that you have put in if that fails you ought to the various tools which you downloaded for your personal computer that are generally employed to clear out viruss from computer systems .
if it seems like the virus is removed after operating the elimination equipment and restarting your laptop or computer and you get an occasional error like a system host32 error then you may still have one more hidden virus in your computer get in touch with a root kit .
many new viruss are hiding in the master boot file of your hard drive and may be hard to eliminate .
you need to search for support by an experienced technician to help remove that type of virus .
a root kit virus is typically undetectable by anti virus plans and a few virus removal resources .
share on facebook 1 1 shares you may be wondering why barack obama , with his propensity to name “czars” for every problem that ails us , has not named an ebola czar .
the reason is because he has , in fact , named an ebola czar .
so why are we constantly seeing dr. tom frieden of the cdc embarrass himself in press conferences instead of our ebola czar ?
mollie hemingway has the details .
it turns out dr. nicole lurie , the czar in charge of potential infectious disease catastrophes , has made the most of her time by funneling federal dollars to democratic donors .
that would be the federal dollars the left says we need more of .
even a position as suddenly critical as this has been politicized in the obama administration .
seems this is another issue ripe for the campaign trail .
obama’s appointees can not help themselves but to play politics in their positions .
maj. mayra zapata , 633rd medical operations squadron , gets her temperature taken by tech .
saquadrea crosby , 86th aerospace medicine squadron public health ncoic , as she deplanes a c-130j super hercules at ramstein air base , germany , oct. 19 , 2014 .
any personnel traveling into ramstein from ebola infected areas will be medically screened upon their arrival and cleared by public health for onward travel to ensure the health and safety of all passengers , aircrew and members of the kaiserslautern community .
saquadrea crosby , 86th aerospace medicine squadron public health ncoic , takes a passenger’s temperature at a passenger holding facility after returning from west africa at ramstein air base , germany , oct. 19 , 2014 .
any personnel traveling into ramstein from ebola infected areas will be medically screened upon their arrival and cleared by public health for onward travel to ensure the health and safety of all passengers , aircrew and members of the kaiserslautern community .
sara keller ) airmen board a bus on the flightline after arriving at ramstein air base , germany from west africa , oct. 19 , 2014 .
any personnel traveling into ramstein from ebola infected areas will be medically screened upon their arrival and cleared by public health for onward travel to ensure the health and safety of all passengers , aircrew and members of the kaiserslautern community .
sara keller ) nearly 30 airmen walk down the flightline after arriving at ramstein air base , germany from west africa , oct. 19 , 2014 .
any personnel traveling into ramstein from ebola infected areas will be medically screened upon their arrival and cleared by public health for onward travel to ensure the health and safety of all passengers , aircrew and members of the kaiserslautern community .
sara keller ) airman 1st class mark underhill ( middle ) , 633rd medical group medical technician has his temperature taken by tech .
saquadrea crosby ( right ) , 86th amds public health ncoic as lt. col. juan ramirez ( left ) , 86th aerospace medicine squadron public health flight commander , logs the information at a passenger holding facility at ramstein air base , germany , oct. 19 , 2014 .
any personnel traveling into ramstein from ebola infected areas will be medically screened upon their arrival and cleared by public health for onward travel to ensure the health and safety of all passengers , aircrew and members of the kaiserslautern community .
saquadrea crosby , 86th aerospace medicine squadron public health ncoic , gets fitted for an n95 respirator by airman 1st class aaron gonsalez , 86th bioenvironmental engineering technician , at ramstein air base , germany , oct. 17 , 2014 .
the n95 respirator is a device that is used to help prevent the spread of germs ( viruses and bacteria ) from one person to another .
as members of the 86th airlift wing continue to support missions for operation united assistance , airmen who are expected to interact with returnees from ebola infected areas will be fitted for the n95 respirators .
saquadrea crosby , 86th aerospace medicine squadron public health ncoic , gets fitted for an n95 respirator by 86th bioenvironmental engineering flight at ramstein air base , germany , oct. 17 , 2014 .
the n95 respirator is a device that is used to help prevent the spread of germs ( viruses and bacteria ) from one person to another .
as members of the 86th airlift wing continue to support missions for operation united assistance , airmen who are expected to interact with returnees from ebola infected areas will be fitted for the n95 respirators .
sara keller ) team ramstein supports ebola ops , mitigates risks at home by staff sgt .
sara keller 86th airlift wing public affairs 10/22/2014 - ramstein air base , germany -- as service members travel to africa in support of operation united assistance , ramstein continues to establish itself as a power projection platform for europe and africa .
because aircrew are consistently traveling in and out of these areas , they will be required to monitor their own temperature and report them twice a week to the flight medicine clinic at ramstein .
in addition to temperature checks , screening processes are completed before and after they go on missions into west africa .
like aircrews , passengers will also be pre-screened before departing infected areas .
ramirez explained that personnel transiting through ramstein will have their temperatures taken at plane side , with further monitoring continued at their final destinations .
with president barack obama 's announcements to increase u.s. efforts to respond to the ebola virus epidemic , u.s. africa command is working with the u.s. agency for international development to deliver much needed support .
part of africom 's effort is the tactical theater airlift provided by the 86th aw , now in conjunction with the 86th mdg 's efforts to educate and keep airmen and the kmc safe. `` containing this ebola outbreak is a necessity on a global and national scale , '' explained d'amore .
it 's exciting to be a part of a large and evolving operation such as this. one of the main functions of medical in the military is to prevent the spread of disease throughout the fighting force , and that is a big reason why we train and prepare service members to help in this outbreak that now has international attention .
read this article in : français - عربي questions over mali 's ebola response photo : katarina höije/irin police turned away patients at the clinique pasteur in bamako , after the hospital was put under quarantine for the ebola virus bamako , 18 november 2014 ( irin ) - the failure of a top malian hospital to detect probable cases of ebola has raised questions about whether the country 's health system is sufficiently prepared to tackle the disease .
in kayes , where a two-year-old girl tested positive for ebola on 23 october , the hospital was caught off-guard .
only two of its 160 workers had received training on how to detect and treat ebola patients and how to protect themselves while doing so , said hospital director toumani konaré .
before the current outbreak in mali , the world health organization ( who ) had categorized the country as at-risk , due to its long border and strong economic ties with guinea , where the epidemic began .
it was targeted as a country to receive technical assistance , including training on infection prevention , epidemiological surveillance and contact tracing .
sow said preparations started in april .
however , those preparations were focused mostly on the 805km border that mali shares with guinea .
the government started to send a few health workers to check travellers for fever and other signs of the virus among the chaos of trucks , buses , bush taxis and motorbikes at border checkpoints .
the ministry of health says the kouremalé border checkpoint , where an imam who died of ebola in mali on 27 october had entered from guinea , checks more than 1,000 people and 150 vehicles per day .
on 11 november the authorities put clinique pasteur , one of capital city bamako 's most frequented hospitals , under quarantine after two members of its staff were diagnosed with ebola , one of whom later died .
an elderly man from guinea , an imam , died in the hospital on 27 october , from what experts now believe was ebola .
the imam was treated for renal failure , which could have been a result of a kidney disease , but is also a late-stage symptom of ebola .
mali 's president , ibrahim boubacar keïta , ordered an investigation .
on 17 november local authorities announced that they were trying to trace more than 500 people who may have been exposed to the virus .
but some malians are concerned : `` i wonder how the guinean patient could cross our borders and be admitted so easily to a clinic as renowned as clinique pasteur , '' said moussa camara of mali 's national youth council .
the malian authorities are working with international partners , among them who , the us centers for disease control , unicef , ngo alima , and croix rouge mali to trace , isolate and monitor over 400 contacts of those who have died .
several who epidemiologists will soon join cnam 's rapid response team of doctors , nurses , social workers and laboratory technicians .
oumar ouologuem , a communications officer with the ministry of health , said the government is planning an isolation and treatment centre in siby , 50km southwest of the capital .
médecins sans frontières ( msf ) has set up two treatment centres , one in bamako and one in kayes .
for the moment , its treatment centre in bamako is the only one there .
natalia torrent , the ebola response coordinator in mali for msf-spain , told irin they have six beds for suspected cases and six for confirmed cases , adding : `` we are working on enlarging the site and giving technical advice on how to set up the cnam treatment centre .
mali 's national laboratory , serefo , one of one of the hills overlooking bamako , boasts a level-3 biosafety laboratory , equipped by the us national institutes of health ( nih ) to handle the diagnosis of tuberculosis , hiv and ebola .
serefo director ousmane koita said their lab can get ebola test results within a few hours .
even so , if the number of suspected cases continues to rise , it will have a hard time keeping up .
stepping up efforts to stop the ebola epidemic from spreading widely in the united states , federal authorities and officials in chicago on wednesday announced preventive measures that will include more intense health screening for airline passengers arriving at o'hare international airport from ... ( dan hinkel , dana ferguson and jon hilkevitch ) texas health presbyterian said a man had been admitted on wednesday after reporting he had had contact with duncan and was exhibiting symptoms .
other officials said he was a law enforcement officer who had visited the apartment where duncan had been staying , days after the liberian went to the hospital .
but frisco fire chief mark piland said at a news conference that the patient was not one of those who had contact with duncan .
nevertheless , firefighters and paramedics are `` currently being decontaminated '' with advice from the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention , to be safe , piland said .
the patient did not have all the symptoms of ebola , he said .
health officials are interviewing the patient about his contacts , piland said , but `` right now they 're treating this as a low-risk event .
the screening will start at new york 's john f. kennedy airport from the weekend , and later be used at newark liberty , washington dulles , chicago o'hare and hartsfield-jackson atlanta .
duncan 's death prompted questions about the timeliness of his care .
the patient initially sought treatment two days before being admitted , but was sent home with antibiotics .
duncan left liberia on sept. 19 to visit his fiancee , louise troh , with whom he was reconciling and planned to marry in dallas .
they were planning to live as a family with their son .
troh , in quarantine , added , `` i am now dealing with the sorrow and anger that his son was not able to see him before he died .
he was given an experimental medication to try to keep him alive , starting saturday , six days after being admitted .
1 but ebola experts also asked why duncan received the experimental drug brincidofovir , made by chimerix inc. , which has not been tested on humans or animals , rather than tekmira pharmaceuticals drug tkm- ebola , which has been tested on humans .
tkm- ebola was given to another u.s. patient , dr. rick sancra , who contracted ebola while working in liberia and was cured .
it `` potentially saved him .
liberian officials have said duncan lied on the questionnaire and had been in contact with a pregnant woman who later died .
duncan was not screened on arrival in the united states .
starting this weekend , though , jfk airport will use a non-invasive device to take the temperature of passengers , who also will fill out detailed questionnaires created by the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention .
canada said on wednesday it would step up airport screening of people arriving from affected west african countries .
those who are ill or say they have been in contact with a sick person will have their temperature taken by a quarantine officer .
hospital spokesman wendell watson said in an emailed statement that duncan died at 7:51 a.m .
the hospital said he was 45 years old .
about 48 people who had direct or indirect contact with duncan since he arrived on sept. 20 are being monitored , but none have yet shown any symptoms , according to health officials .
the cdc and other u.s. health officials say the chances of ebola spreading in the united states are very slim .
the hospital has not released details on how it will handle duncan 's body but said it will follow protocols from the cdc .
texas state health authorities said duncan 's remains will be cremated .
the guidelines recommend careful preparation of the body before movement , including enclosing it in two bags and disinfecting the bags .
the body can then be transported without the need for protective gear for a driver or others who are near the body but they are not to handle the remains before cremation .
the current ebola outbreak , the worst on record , began in march .
on wednesday , the world health organization updated its toll of the disease .
who said ebola has killed 3,879 people out of 8,033 cases by the end of oct. 5. who says 41 people have been killed in an unrelated outbreak in democratic republic of the congo .
ebola can take as long as three weeks before its victims show symptoms , at which point the disease becomes contagious .
ebola , which can cause fever , vomiting and diarrhea , spreads through contact with bodily fluids such as blood or saliva .
while several american patients have been flown to the united states from west africa for treatment , duncan was the first person to start showing symptoms on u.s. soil .
a nurse in spain who treated a priest who worked in west africa is also infected .
u.s. secretary of state john kerry on wednesday appealed to other governments to do more to help contain the spread of ebola , urged countries not to shut their borders and told airlines to keep flying to west africa .
shares of biotech companies linked to the development of treatments against ebola reacted sharply on wednesday to duncan 's death .
shares in chimerix , whose experimental ebola drug was being administered to duncan , tumbled 9.5 percent to $ 30.08 .
u.s.-traded shares of tekmira pharmaceuticals corp , whose treatment has been used in other ebola patients , sharply pared losses , briefly turning positive after having fallen as much as 8.8 percent earlier .
timeline of the current ebola outbreak : march 22 : guinea confirms a previously unidentified hemorrhagic fever , which killed over 50 people in its southeastern forest region , is ebola .
cases are also reported in the capital .
march 30 : liberia reports two ebola cases ; suspected cases reported in sierra leone .
april 1 : medical charity medecins sans frontieres ( msf ) warns the epidemic 's spread is `` unprecedented .
healthcare workers in guinea , sierra leone and liberia face growing hostility from fearful , suspicious local people .
may 26 : who confirms first ebola deaths in sierra leone .
june 17 : liberia says ebola has reached its capital , monrovia .
june 23 : with deaths above 350 , making the west african outbreak the worst ebola epidemic on record , msf says it is `` out of control '' and calls for massive resources .
1 july 25 : nigeria , africa 's biggest economy , confirms its first ebola case , a man who died in lagos after traveling from monrovia .
july 29 : dr. sheik umar khan , who was leading sierra leone 's fight against the epidemic , dies of ebola .
july 30 : liberia shuts schools and quarantines the worst-affected communities , using troops for enforcement .
aug. 2 : a u.s. missionary physician infected with ebola in liberia is flown to atlanta in the united states for treatment .
aug. 5 : a second u.s. missionary infected with ebola is flown from liberia to atlanta for treatment .
aug. 8 : who declares ebola `` international public health emergency .
a spanish priest with ebola dies in a madrid hospital .
aug. 15 : msf says the epidemic will take about six months to control .
aug. 20 : security forces in monrovia fire shots , tear gas to disperse crowd trying to break out of quarantine , killing a teenager .
aug. 21 : the two u.s. missionary aid workers treated in atlanta are released from the hospital free of the virus .
aug. 24 : democratic republic of congo declares ebola outbreak , apparently separate from larger epidemic .
an infected british medical worker is flown home from sierra leone for treatment .
aug. 28 : who puts death toll at above 1,550 , warns outbreak could infect more than 20,000 .
aug. 29 : senegal reports first confirmed ebola case .
sept 2 : msf president joanne liu tells u.n. members the world is `` losing the battle '' to contain ebola , slams `` a global coalition of inaction .
officials say there were close to 400 deaths in the past week .
a third u.s. missionary doctor infected with ebola is flown from liberia for treatment in omaha , nebraska .
sept. 5 : latest who tally : more than 2,100 dead out of about 4,000 people thought to have been infected .
sept. 7 : president barack obama says in an interview the united states needs to do more to help control ebola to prevent it from becoming a global crisis .
sept. 8 : britain says it will send military and humanitarian experts to sierra leone to set up a treatment center ; united states says it will send 25-bed military field hospital to liberia to care for health workers .
a fourth ebola patient will be flown to the united states for treatment in atlanta .
sept. 9 : new who tally : at least 2,296 dead out of 4,293 cases recorded in five countries .
sept. 13 : liberian president ellen johnson sirleaf appeals to obama for urgent aid in tackling ebola .
sept. 16 : the united states promises to send 3,000 military engineers and medical personnel to west africa to build clinics and train healthcare workers .
new who tally : 2,461 dead out of 4,985 infected , a doubling of the death toll in the past month .
sept. 17 : msf says a french nurse volunteering for the medical charity in liberia has ebola .
sept. 18 : new who tally : 2,630 dead out of 5,357 believed infected .
the united nations says a special mission to combat ebola will deploy staff in liberia , guinea and sierra leone .
u.n. security council adopts u.s.-drafted resolution calling for lifting of travel and border restrictions .
french president francois hollande says a military hospital will be set up in guinea .
sept. 19 : streets in sierra leone 's capital , freetown , are deserted as the country imposes a controversial three-day lockdown to try to halt ebola 's spread .
sept. 20 : liberian national thomas eric duncan flies from liberia to dallas via brussels and washington after reportedly trying to help a woman with ebola in his home country .
sept. 22 : who says the outbreak has been largely contained in senegal and nigeria but says ebola has killed more than 2,811 people in west africa .
sept. 23 : the cdc estimates between 550,000 and 1.4 million people in west africa may be infected with ebola by january .
sept. 25 : at a meeting on the sidelines of the u.n. general assembly , obama calls on more countries to help fight ebola , saying hundreds of thousands of lives are at stake .
duncan goes to a dallas hospital complaining of fever and abdominal pain .
he is sent back to the apartment where he is staying , with antibiotics , despite telling a nurse he has traveled from west africa .
sept. 26 : new who tally : 3,091 dead out of 6,574 probable , suspected and confirmed cases .
cuba says it will send nearly 300 doctors and nurses to west africa , to join 165 healthcare workers slated to arrive in early october .
sept. 28 : duncan 's condition worsens , and he is taken to the dallas hospital by ambulance .
sept. 30 : cdc confirms duncan has ebola , making his first case diagnosed in the united states .
oct. 1 : who updates west africa death toll to 3,338 dead out of 7,178 cases .
oct. 2 : britain pleads for international help to fight epidemic at `` defeating ebola '' conference in london .
nbc news says an american freelance television cameraman working for the network , ashoka mukpo , has tested positive for ebola and will be flown back to the united states for treatment .
oct. 3 : new who tally : 3,439 dead out of 7,492 suspected , probable and confirmed cases in west africa and in the united states , which has one of the cases .
a ugandan doctor suffering from the disease arrives in frankfurt from sierra leone for treatment at a hospital there .
oct. 4 : the volunteer nurse in liberia who was the first french national to contract the virus leaves a hospital outside paris after being successfully treated for the disease .
duncan 's condition worsens from serious to critical .
oct. 6 : a spanish nurse who treated the spanish priest who was repatriated to madrid with ebola has also been infected , according to health officials in spain .
freelance tv cameraman mukpo , 33 , lands in omaha in a private plane and is taken to the nebraska medical center .
oct. 8 : duncan dies in dallas hospital .
who raises ebola toll to 3,879 dead out of 8,033 cases and says there is no evidence the epidemic is being brought under control in west africa .
u.s. government orders five major airports to screen passengers from west africa for fever , in an effort to bolster defenses against the spread of ebola .
home » news » top news » ebola fear , monitoring eases for some in dallas ebola fear , monitoring eases for some in dallas by marilynn marchione and mike stobbe , associated press 0 0 advertisement dallas ( ap ) — ebola fears began to ease for some monday as a monitoring period passed for those who had close contact with a victim of the disease and after a cruise ship scare ended with the boat returning to port and a lab worker on board testing negative for the virus .
federal officials meanwhile ramped up readiness to deal with future cases .
a top government official said revised guidance instructs health workers treating ebola patients to wear protective gear “with no skin showing.” the pentagon said it is forming a team to support civilian medical staff in the u.s .
in dallas , louise troh and several friends and family members will finally be free monday to leave a stranger’s home where they have been confined under armed guard for 21 days — the maximum incubation period for ebola .
they had close contact with thomas eric duncan , a liberian man who died of the disease at texas health presbyterian hospital on oct. 8 .
the incubation period also has passed for about a dozen health workers who encountered duncan when he went to the dallas hospital for the first time , on sept. 25 .
duncan was sent home but returned by ambulance on sept. 28 and was admitted .
two nurses who treated him during that second visit — nina pham and amber vinson — are now hospitalized with ebola .
vinson’s family issued a statement sunday saying they have hired a lawyer and are troubled by comments and media coverage that “mischaracterize” vinson , who is being treated at emory university in atlanta .
vinson “has not and would not knowingly expose herself or anyone else , ” the statement says .
dallas county and federal centers for disease control and prevention officials cleared her to fly last week to dallas from ohio , and “suggestions that she ignored any of the physician and government-provided protocols recommended to her are patently untrue and hurtful , ” the family says .
on sunday , a carnival cruise lines ship returned to galveston , texas , from a seven-day trip marred by worries over a health worker on board who was being monitored for ebola .
the lab supervisor had handled a specimen from duncan and isolated herself on the ship as a precaution .
about 4,000 passengers on the cruise had to miss a stop in cozumel , mexico , where the boat was not allowed to dock because of the scare .
carnival said it was informed by u.s. health authorities sunday morning that the worker tested negative for ebola .
dr. anthony fauci , head of the national institute of allergy and infectious diseases , said those caring for duncan were vulnerable because some of their skin was exposed .
the cdc is working on revisions to safety protocols .
earlier ones , fauci said , were based on a world health organization model for care in remote places , often outdoors , and without intensive training for health workers .
health officials had previously allowed hospitals some flexibility to use available covering when dealing with suspected ebola patients .
the new guidelines are expected to set firmer standards : calling for full-body suits and hoods that protect worker’s necks ; setting rigorous rules for removal of equipment and disinfection of hands ; and requiring a “site manager” to supervise the putting on and taking off of equipment .
the guidelines also are expected to require a “buddy system” in which workers check each other as they come in and go out , according to an official who was familiar with the guidelines but not authorized to discuss them before their release .
hospital workers also will be expected to exhaustively practice getting in and out of the equipment , the official said .
nurses have been clamoring for more guidance and better garb , saying they have never cared for ebola patients before and feel unprepared and underequipped .
in some places where they have the suits , nurses have not practiced taking them on and off .
that’s like a do-it-yourself manual , ” demoro said .
on sunday the pentagon announced that defense secretary chuck hagel had ordered the formation of a 30-person military support team to assist civilian medical professionals in the u.s. to treat ebola .
the team will be formed by northern command’s commander , gen. chuck jacoby , and will comprise 20 critical care nurses , five doctors trained in infectious disease and five trainers in infectious disease protocols .
once formed , the team will undergo up to a week of specialized training in infection control and personal protective equipment at fort sam houston in san antonio , texas , then remain in “prepare to deploy” status for 30 days .
the team won’t be sent overseas , and will “be called upon domestically only if deemed prudent by our public health professionals , ” pentagon press secretary rear adm. john kirby said in a statement .
healthmap software flagged ebola 9 days before outbreak announced !
this entry was posted by jeff johnson on march 2 , 2015 at 18:47 related posts recipient email enter a message i read this article and found it very interesting , thought it might be something for you .
the article is called alert !
healthmap software flagged ebola 9 days before outbreak announced !
and is located at http : //ebolanews.pw/alert-healthmap-software-flagged-ebola-9-days-before-outbreak-announced-4 .
living for longer naturalsociety.com almost two weeks after being admitted to and kept in isolation at the texas health presbyterian hospital , the first person to be diagnosed with ebola on u.s. soil during the current crisis , thomas eric duncan , has reportedly passed away on wednesday , october 8th. what are the implications for the rest of the nation ?
thomas eric duncan was initially sent home from the hospital with antibiotics following his visit after returning to the u.s. from liberia .
this has left many disgusted with the ho [ ... ] 13 sgtreport.com by stephanie , tf metals report : my grandfather came to the united states from poland when he was a little boy back in the early 1900s .
he was processed on ellis island , the original entry point for immigrants to america .
why was ellis island the gateway to america ?
and why was it an island ? ? ?
because it was a quarantine facility .
some immigrants never made it to ellis island .
if they were sick on the ship , they might be removed to a hospital on hoffburn island or swinburne island in new york b [ ... ] 11 www.naturalnews.com ( naturalnews ) the ever-evolving ebola narrative is broaching into ludicrous territory , with reports now claiming that wild dogs are going around digging up the rotting remains of deceased victims and eating their flesh in the streets .
special ebola graveyards , where the dead are being ... [ ... ] 23 naturalsociety.com amid the mainstream media hype surrounding ebola , it may come as major shock to discover that for quite some time there have been major scientific breakthroughs regarding the numerous ways in which we may be able to diminish or even halt the virus at a base level .
what’s even more powerful and of note , however , is the substances by which scientists were able to exhibit these effects .
numerous plant compounds , which also come with a host of additional medicinal benefits outside of their ro [ ... ] 27 www.naturalnews.com ( naturalnews ) marine corps gen. john f. kelly , the commander of the u.s. southern command , has just issued a public warning about the real ebola threat to america .
americans are being reassured by federal and state public health officials that the deadly virus will ... [ ... ] 9 feedproxy.google.com image sourcejon rappoportactivist postas i’ve been pointing out , the standard test for diagnosing ebola is the pcr , which has many flaws that render it misleading and useless .
therefore , “diagnosed with ebola , ” through the pcr test , means nothing .
analogy : you’re flying a plane at night over a land mass your instruments tell you is greenland—but the instruments often indic [ ... ] 21 sgtreport.com from usa watchdog : it’s all ebola all the time .
the obama administration got this wrong from the beginning .
it told us there was very little chance of a case getting to the u.s.–wrong !
then they told us there was little chance of it becoming an epidemic–again , wrong !
if that was the case , the head of health and human services would not be saying there may be other ebola cases in the u.s. also , the head of the cdc would not be comparing ebola to the aids crisis .
this is a big proble [ ... ] 28
graphs case graphs and data the following graph tracks total cases based on official who data , the graph is dynamically generated using google charts based off data captured in google docs .
you are welcome to use the graph as required .
it may contain anomalies since it has not been adjusted for data discrepancies .
the earliest data captured is from the 25th of march 2014 the above graph may not display correctly on all mobile devices or browsers .
the following graph shows the total number of cases and deaths by country resulting from west african ebola outbreak in 2014 .
licensed under creative commons attribution-share alike 4.0 via wikimedia commons – https : //commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file : west_africa_ebola_2014_actual_case_and_death_linear_scale.png # mediaviewer/file : west_africa_ebola_2014_actual_case_and_death_linear_scale.png
100 % zufriedenheit garantiert uh oh ... unknown 0 can’t display all the features of our site .
may we suggest an alternative browser ?
because you won’t want to miss out on all this goodness .
wo der mist ebola ist t-shirt pre- order pre-order today !
your design will be made and shipped as soon as our manufacturers are ready to begin production .
über dieses produkt ausführung : dunkles basic t-shirt komfortabel und locker .
unser dunkles heavyweight t-shirt wird schnell dein favorit sein .
es besteht aus 100 % sanforisierter schwerer baumwolle und macht so an jedem eine gute figur .
mit doppel-naht auf der unterseite und auf den ärmeln .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital media82d298ad5ecd411685be6415724f571bebolatexaspatientjpeg .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital .
texas ebola patient thomas eric duncan has died hospital .
home » ebola » latest ramblings » laguardia airport cleaners strike , walkout over ebola laguardia airport cleaners strike , walkout over ebola posted by admin on october 9 , 2014 laguardia airport cleaners strike , walkout over ebola 2014-10-12t17:29:14+00:00 under ebola , latest ramblings no comment laguardia airport cabin cleaners have gone on strike and staged a walkout over being forced to clean planes from ebola , without the proper protection .
and who could really blame them ?
i sure as hell don’t .
laguardia airport cabin cleaners aren’t being giving hazmat suits to clean planes , which they would need in order to safely clean planes and not pick up the ebola obola virus .
laguardia airport cleaners strike , walkout over ebola laguardia airport cleaning crews left in protest today saying they aren’t protected from exposure to # ebola .
ebola and other viral outbreaks : providing health care to the global poor in times of crisis time : 8 am to 9 am location : new york event date : feb 13 , 2015 organization : carnegie council unni karunakara has n't uploaded this talk .
let unni know you want this talk to be uploaded .
usa why no us travel bans from ebola hot spots ?
they might make things worse .
but most public health officials disagree .
by mark sappenfield , staff writer / october 19 , 2014 obama says ebola travel ban would not help about these ads ohio gov .
john kasich ( r ) says it `` makes sense .
rick perry ( r ) calls it the `` right policy .
what they want is a travel ban aimed at preventing the spread of ebola from three west african nations .
the reason they are not getting it is that the obama administration – and many public health experts – think travel bans do n't help , and instead could make things worse .
the logic behind travel bans is clear .
the ebola outbreak has become a public health crisis in liberia , sierra leone , and guinea .
by banning flights to and from those countries , or by banning residents of those countries from coming the united states , politicians hope to prevent an outbreak here .
so far , three cases of ebola have been diagnosed in the us .
the first patient , liberian thomas eric duncan , died after being misdiagnosed at first by a dallas hospital .
the hospital 's parent company apologized in full-page ads in the dallas morning news and the fort worth star-telegram sunday. two nurses who treated mr. duncan have also been diagnosed and are being treated themselves .
the problem with resorting to a travel ban in an attempt to head off future cases , critics say , is that nations ca n't really cordon off health crises to a far corner of the globe .
instead , it 's more helpful to be a part of the solution .
for example , a report by the joint united nations program on hiv/aids found that a reagan-era ban on people with aids coming to the us was `` an ineffective and discriminatory anachronism of a by-gone era .
perhaps of greater concern , travel bans can encourage travelers to lie about where they 've been .
public health officials say both those diseases are more contagious than ebola , which can be contained with careful treatment protocols .
some 94 percent of travelers to the united states from liberia , sierra leone , and guinea come through one of five airports : new york 's john f. kennedy , newark , chicago o'hare , washington-dulles , or atlanta hartsfield-jackson .
screening procedures are under way there .
there are no direct flights from any of those countries to the us .
ebola vaccine set for first human trial .
photo by david silverman/getty images as the race continues to stop the outbreak of the ebola virus in west africa , a new ebola vaccine is set to begin a human trial for the first time this week .
the vaccine , which is being developed by the nih along with pharmaceutical company glaxosmithkline , and has “performed extremely well” in primate studies , dr. anthony fauci , director of the national institute of allergy and infectious diseases at the national institutes of health , told abc news .
the trial comes as the world health organization warned last week the ebola outbreak could infect as many as 20,000 people .
it’s unclear if the vaccine will be ready in time to help combat the current outbreak , but the timetable is being sped up in case the trials are successful .
according to abc news , “although [ nih’s ] fauci said in july that it would take until late 2015 for a vaccine -- if successful -- to be administered to a limited number of health workers , glaxosmithkline said in a statement that the grant will also enable it to manufacture 10,000 doses of the vaccine while the trials are ongoing .
if the vaccine trials are successful , it will be able to make stocks available immediately to the world health organization.” advertisement here’s more on the upcoming trial from abc news : the phase 1 clinical trial set to begin this week at the nih clinical center in bethesda , maryland , will involve 20 human subjects between the ages of 18 and 50 , according to the nih .
researchers will use the study to determine whether the vaccine is safe and see whether it prompts an immune response necessary to protect against ebola .
no human subjects will be infected with ebola .
a $ 4.7 million grant will also go toward ebola vaccine trials in september at the university of oxford in england , as well as centers in gambia and mali , according to glaxosmithkline .
in all , 140 patients will be tested… the nih said it should have initial data from the trial in late 2014 .
elliot hannon is a writer in new york city .
newzealand http : //www.reddit.com/r/soccercirclejerk/comments/2z3yos/new_zealand_conquers_australia/ sun , 15 mar 2015 09:27:25 +0000 submitted by < a href= '' http : //www.reddit.com/user/kerlonmoura '' > kerlonmoura < /a > to < a href= '' http : //www.reddit.com/r/soccercirclejerk/ '' > soccercirclejerk < /a > < br/ > < a href= '' http : //www.reddit.com/r/soccercirclejerk/comments/2z3yos/new_zealand_conquers_australia/ '' > [ link ] < /a > < a href= '' http : //www.reddit.com/r/soccercirclejerk/comments/2z3yos/new_zealand_conquers_australia/ '' > [ comment ] < /a > at least 10 americans being flown to u.s. after possible ebola exposure .
worldnews http : //www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2ytk51/sierra_leone_sees_worrying_spike_in_ebola_cases/ thu , 12 mar 2015 18:22:51 +0000 submitted by < a href= '' http : //www.reddit.com/user/ninjadiscojesus '' > ninjadiscojesus < /a > to < a href= '' http : //www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/ '' > worldnews < /a > < br/ > < a href= '' http : //abcnews.go.com/health/wirestory/sierra-leone-sees-worrying-spike-ebola-cases-week-29580866 '' > [ link ] < /a > < a href= '' http : //www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2ytk51/sierra_leone_sees_worrying_spike_in_ebola_cases/ '' > [ comment ] < /a > huge clouds in new zealand .
pics http : //www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2yxwc5/huge_clouds_in_new_zealand/ fri , 13 mar 2015 19:23:07 +0000 < table > < tr > < td > < a href= '' http : //www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2yxwc5/huge_clouds_in_new_zealand/ '' > < img src= '' http : //b.thumbs.redditmedia.com/6eq125lp4mx_tgdqxwanioswx_lni1mdh4qmqqhghbw.jpg '' alt= '' huge clouds in new zealand .
unremovable http : //www.reddit.com/r/unremovable/comments/2z34af/at_least_10_americans_being_flown_to_us_after/ sun , 15 mar 2015 02:54:31 +0000 < table > < tr > < td > < a href= '' http : //www.reddit.com/r/unremovable/comments/2z34af/at_least_10_americans_being_flown_to_us_after/ '' > < img src= '' http : //a.thumbs.redditmedia.com/pdqadczyx_x1bu3kryuhtptu6eddovvagfg6q_afyb4.jpg '' alt= '' at least 10 americans being flown to u.s. after possible ebola exposure .
gifs http : //www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/2z4xdr/now_leaving_new_zealandor_are_we/ sun , 15 mar 2015 16:49:36 +0000 < table > < tr > < td > < a href= '' http : //www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/2z4xdr/now_leaving_new_zealandor_are_we/ '' > < img src= '' http : //b.thumbs.redditmedia.com/ewvi6k5ytgzj90kscdxtnwf49h6hwgfci_jkknjlxmq.jpg '' alt= '' now leaving new zealand ... or are we ?
according to the head of the national ebola response centre , complacent behavior in sierra leone has led to a worrying spike in confirmed ebola cases over the past week in four districts , alfred palo conteh said thursday , march 12 , 2015 .
according to the head of the national ebola response centre , complacent behavior in sierra leone has led to a worrying spike in confirmed ebola cases over the past week in four districts , alfred palo conteh said thursday , march 12 , 2015 .
according to the head of the national ebola response centre , complacent behavior in sierra leone has led to a worrying spike in confirmed ebola cases over the past week in four districts , alfred palo conteh said thursday , march 12 , 2015 .
a british military health care worker in sierra leone has tested positive for the deadly ebola virus and is being treated in sierra leone , british health care officials said wednesday , the first known case of a british military worker contracting the disease .
the world health organization says thursday , march 12 , 2015 , its tally of ebola deaths has passed the grim milestone of 10,000 , mostly in west africa .
the world health organization says thursday , march 12 , 2015 , its tally of ebola deaths has passed the grim milestone of 10,000 , mostly in west africa .
the world health organization says thursday , march 12 , 2015 , its tally of ebola deaths has passed the grim milestone of 10,000 , mostly in west africa .
the world health organization says thursday , march 12 , 2015 , its tally of ebola deaths has passed the grim milestone of 10,000 , mostly in west africa .
the world health organization says thursday , march 12 , 2015 , its tally of ebola deaths has passed the grim milestone of 10,000 , mostly in west africa .
the world health organization says thursday , march 12 , 2015 , its tally of ebola deaths has passed the grim milestone of 10,000 , mostly in west africa .
the world health organization says thursday , march 12 , 2015 , its tally of ebola deaths has passed the grim milestone of 10,000 , mostly in west africa .
the world health organization says thursday , march 12 , 2015 , its tally of ebola deaths has passed the grim milestone of 10,000 , mostly in west africa .
the world health organization says thursday , march 12 , 2015 , its tally of ebola deaths has passed the grim milestone of 10,000 , mostly in west africa .
the world health organization says thursday , march 12 , 2015 , its tally of ebola deaths has passed the grim milestone of 10,000 , mostly in west africa .
the world health organization says thursday , march 12 , 2015 , its tally of ebola deaths has passed the grim milestone of 10,000 , mostly in west africa .
the world health organization says thursday , march 12 , 2015 , its tally of ebola deaths has passed the grim milestone of 10,000 , mostly in west africa .
the world health organization says thursday , march 12 , 2015 , its tally of ebola deaths has passed the grim milestone of 10,000 , mostly in west africa .
the world health organization says thursday , march 12 , 2015 , its tally of ebola deaths has passed the grim milestone of 10,000 , mostly in west africa .
u.s. to start screening for ebola at airports wednesday , october 08 , 2014 06:55 am mdt | updated : washington - the united states will begin screening passengers arriving at u.s. airports from west africa for fever starting this weekend , u.s. officials said on wednesday , in the hope of avoiding an outbreak of the deadly ebola virus .
the screening will start at new york 's john f. kennedy international airport this weekend , and be extended to four other airports - newark liberty in new jersey , washington dulles , chicago o'hare and hartsfield-jackson atlanta .
in the screening , authorities will use a non-invasive device to take the temperature of passengers and ask them to fill out a questionnaire created by the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention asking for detailed information about their activities in west africa .
all passengers arriving at the relevant airports from sierra leone , guinea and liberia will get extra `` secondary '' screening whether they arrive on a direct flight from those countries or whether they have connected in another country to a u.s. bound flight , a senior u.s. official familiar with the matter said .
screening passengers upon arrival in the united states could detect passengers who may have developed a fever in flight but will also pose new challenges to border control officers and flight crews , industry experts said .
in august , cdc teams trained airport workers in west africa to use handheld scanners that check travelers for fever , a possible sign of ebola , and helped develop an exit questionnaire to determine potential exposure .
since then , some 36,000 people have boarded flights .
screening measures led 77 travelers to be prevented from boarding : 74 had a fever and three had other symptoms .
most turned out to have malaria and none had ebola .
frieden did not give details of what the cdc was considering .
the new measures will likely include more thorough pre-screening and more detailed questioning of passengers leaving sierra leone , guinea and liberia , congressional aides said .
they may also involve checking such air travelers for fever , said u.s .
the u.s. coast guard also announced it would screen individuals coming into the united states via ship from ebola hot spots .
the ebola outbreak , the worst on record , has killed at least 3,439 people out of 7,492 confirmed , probable and suspected cases since it emerged in march .
a scientist separates blood cells to isolate any ebola rna in gueckedou , guinea , april 3 , 2014 .
industry experts said screening could pose a new burden to airline workers and airport officers , already under pressure to keep passengers moving .
the association of flight attendants , a union representing nearly 60,000 flight attendants at 19 airlines , on tuesday urged more extensive health screenings of passengers as they leave west africa .
the american civil liberties union is keeping an eye on the obama administration 's response but so far has not seen anything at airports that raises new issues about privacy , said jay stanley , an aclu senior policy analyst .
but he warned against heavy-handed law enforcement tactics such as quarantines that restrict liberty and are less effective .
a 2008 aclu report on responding to pandemics recommended that invasive medical examinations at the border take place only `` when there is reasonable suspicion of pandemic disease , and only with the individual 's informed consent .
senator chris coons , chairman of the senate foreign relations committee 's africa subcommittee , said more extreme proposals , such as stopping travelers or banning flights could lead to the targeting of any traveler who looked african or barring aid workers trying to come home .
you ca n't test someone within an hour , '' he said in a telephone interview .
schumer , a member of the senate 's democratic leadership , has also urged the department of homeland security to create a database of people flying to and from west africa , which would be shared with hospitals around the country .
reader 's comments » by adding a comment on the site , you accept our terms and conditions and our netiquette rules .
ebola outbreak puts food harvests at risk , warns fao print | united n ations , sep 2 2014 ( ips ) - the food and agriculture organisation ( fao ) has warned that disruptions in food trade and marketing in the three west african countries most affected by ebola have made food increasingly expensive and hard to come by , while labour shortages are putting the upcoming harvest season at serious risk .
in guinea , liberia , and sierra leone , quarantine zones and restrictions on people’s movement aimed at combating the spread of the virus , although necessary , have seriously curtailed the movement and marketing of food .
this has lead to panic buying , food shortages and significant food price hikes on some commodities , especially in urban centers , according to a special alert issued tuesday by fao’s global information and early warning system ( giews ) .
at the same time , the main harvest season for two key crops – rice and maize – is just weeks away .
labor shortages on farms due to movement restrictions and migration to other areas will seriously impact farm production , jeopardizing the food security of large numbers of people , the alert says .
the fao said adequate rains during the 2014 cropping season had previously pointed to likely favorable harvests in the main ebola-affected countries .
but now food production – the areas most affected by the outbreak are among the most productive in sierra leone and liberia – stands to be seriously scaled back .
likewise , production of cash crops like palm oil , cocoa and rubber – on which the livelihoods and food purchasing power of many families depend – is expected to be seriously affected .
the situation will have long-lasting impacts on farmers’ livelihoods and rural economies , ” he added .
guinea , liberia and sierra leone are all net cereal importers , with liberia being the most reliant on external supplies .
the closure of some border crossings and the isolation of border areas where the three countries intersect – as well as reduced trade from seaports , the main conduit for large-scale commercial imports – are resulting in tighter supplies and sharply increasing food prices .
doctor ok , not in quarantine after ebola aid trip to liberia wednesday , july 30 , 2014 07:02 am mdt | updated : u.s. doctor stricken with ebola said to be improving contrary to reports tuesday , a victoria , b.c. , doctor did n't put himself under quarantine after returning from liberia where he was helping
dr. azaria marthyman , 48 , returned home july 26 from the west african country , where for much of july he was part of a team of volunteers with christian relief group samaritan 's purse .
but over the weekend , because his time in liberia had been really draining in terms of the heat , the workload , etc. , he decided to call his office , ask them to cancel his appointments for the coming week , and stay home to relax with his family , '' samaritan 's purse canada spokesman jeff adams told qmi agency in an e-mail .
he is showing no symptoms whatsoever , '' adams said , adding , `` if he was in an actual 'quarantine , ' he certainly would n't have stayed home with his wife and children .
dr. kent brantly and missionary nancy writebol were part of a team in liberia from two north carolina-based christian relief groups , samaritan 's purse and sim .
the groups plan to evacuate nonessential personnel from liberia as ebola cases there mount .
there is no known cure for the highly contagious disease , which has killed 672 people in guinea , liberia and sierra leone since february .
the fatality rate of the current ebola outbreak , the worst on record , is about 60 % , health officials said .
writebol , who helped disinfect the protective suits worn by medical personnel such as brantly inside the isolation ward at a care centre in monrovia , liberia , is `` fighting through '' the disease , her son said on wednesday .
jeremy writebol told nbc 's `` today '' show that his mother is moving around on her own and receiving a lot of fluids as she is treated in isolation .
ken isaacs , a vice president at samaritan 's purse , told cnn it was believed that a local staff member had come to work already infected with the virus .
that staffer has since died .
zoom dosso/afp/getty images shares more + the ebola virus has a horrific death rate -- it is fatal in about 70 percent of patients in the current outbreak in west africa , according to estimates from the world health organization .
while thomas eric duncan , the first patient diagnosed in the u.s. , died , there have been success stories , too : a nursing assistant infected in spain has recovered , as have four american aid workers infected in west africa .
even there , not everyone who falls ill with ebola dies .
it 's not clear why ebola runs a different course in different people .
but how rapidly symptoms appear depends partly on how much virus a patient was initially exposed to , said dr. joseph mccormick of the university of texas school of public health .
formerly with the centers for disease control and prevention , mccormick worked on the first known ebola outbreak in 1976 and numerous other outbreaks of ebola and related hemorrhagic viruses .
the centers for disease control and prevention still does not know exactly how two nurses at dallas presbyterian hospital became infected with th ... `` it 's obviously a scary disease if you have it , '' andrew noymer , a public health professor who studies infectious diseases at university of california , irvine , told cbs news .
i ca n't say that enough .
ebola spreads by contact with bodily fluids , such as through a break in the skin or when someone with contamination on their hands hands touches the eyes or nose .
once inside the body , ebola establishes a foothold by targeting the immune system 's first line of defense , essentially disabling its alarms .
the virus rapidly reproduces , infecting multiple kinds of cells before the immune system recognizes the threat and starts to fight back .
only after enough virus is produced do symptoms appear , starting with fever , muscle pain , headache and sore throat .
those symptoms typically set in after an incubation period of 8 to 10 days , although it can be as long as 21 days after exposure .
and only then is someone contagious .
there is no specific treatment for ebola but specialists say basic supportive care -- providing intravenous fluids and nutrients , and maintaining blood pressure -- is crucial to give the body time to fight off the virus .
survival also can depend on how rapidly someone gets care .
profuse vomiting and diarrhea can cause dehydration .
worse , in the most severe cases , patients ' blood vessels start to leak , causing blood pressure to drop to dangerous levels and fluid to build up in the lungs .
death usually is due to shock and organ failure .
doctors at emory and nebraska medical center , which successfully treated another aid worker and now is treating a video journalist infected in west africa , say there 's no way to know if those treatment really helped .
dr. kent brantly during a press conference announcing his release from emory university hospital on august 21 , 2014 in atlanta .
jessica mcgowan , getty images treatment options have included plasma transfusion , donated by ebola survivors who have antibodies in their blood able to fight ebola .
one of the aid workers who survived , dr. kent brantly , has donated blood for transfusion to several subsequent patients , but was unable to help thomas eric duncan because their blood types were n't a match .
several of the aid workers also received an experimental drug called zmapp that has not yet been tested in humans .
however , a liberian doctor who also received it still died .
the very limited supply of zmapp ran out in august and it will take another month or two until more is available .
survival may also may be affected by factors beyond anyone 's control : mccormick 's research suggests it partly depends on how the immune system reacts early on -- whether too many white blood cells die before they can fight the virus .
other research has linked genetic immune factors to increased survival .
learn more planusa.org/fightebola make sure we 're safe from ebola !
sign petition nationalnursesunited.org/petition updated information for health professionals : ebola virus disease ( evd ) 22 september 2014 .
the evd situation is rapidly evolving .
please ensure that you check … www.nzdoctor.co.nz/media/3540251/ebola-updated-information-health ... ebola virus disease : treatment and prevention .
get immediate medical care for anyone with symptoms of ebola .
ebola patients must be … chenetwork.org/eboladocs/english/ebola % 20prevention % 20and % 20 ... ebola virus can be transmitted to humans when handling contaminated animals , ... disseminate , exchange information on prevention using songs , theater , ... www.unicef.org/cbsc/files/ebola_aide_memoire_mobilisers-english.doc information about ebola 24 november 2014 ebola ( or ebola virus disease , evd ) is a very serious disease that can be fatal .
it is mainly found in tropical central and ... www.health.govt.nz/ ... /information-about-ebola-24nov14.doc — because ebola readiness demands intense , in-person training and drilling led by infection prevention experts , adequate infection prevention staffing is critical .
www.apic.org/resource_/tinymcefilemanager/topic-specific/ebola ... interim infection prevention and control guidance for care of patients with suspected or confirmed filovirus ... ebola virus disease waste management in the medical ... phc.amedd.army.mil/ ... /evdwastemanagementonmtfsop.docx building infection prevention control and local capacity to contain ebola in west africa “change in behaviour has to come from within these communities , not from a ... masangahospital.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/summary-of-ebola ... ebola faq .
ebola is a type of virus .
ebola first appeared in 1976 in two simultaneous outbreaks , one in a village near the ebola river … www.hudsonhospital.org/documents/uploads/ebola_faq_for_external ... mar 13 , 2015 · nih admits american healthcare worker with ebola virus disease .
the national institutes of health ... and the centers for disease control and prevention ... www.hpnonline.com/du-print/hpn_daily_update150313.docx ebola virus disease ( evd ) awareness for ems/law enforcement .
ems patient assessment or law suspect criteria for isolation/hospital notification are likely to be : www.summa-ems.org/file.php/1/ebola/ebola % 20virus ...
epidemiology program protocol for ebola virus disease ( evd ) all health professionals evaluating a patient for suspected ebola infection have been instructed to call ... www.ct.gov/dph/lib/dph/communications/cerc/ebola_protocol_epi ... ebola “the acropolis at athens” , oil on canvas , 1846 , leo von klenze .
the disease began , it is said , in ethiopia beyond egypt , and then descended into egypt and ... www.nhedventures.com/storage/ebola.doc ebola virus disease contact tracing form_x000d_ cdc last modified by : sterioti company : centers for disease control and prevention ... www.ihatoday.org/uploaddocs/1/ebolatracingform.docx agreement for individuals with some risk ebola exposure .
dear _____ : you have reported exposures to ebola virus that ... www.dhhr.wv.gov/oeps/disease/zoonosis/other/ebola/documents/ ...
fight ebola naturally prevent the ebola virus outbreak your immune system is the strongest offense against preventing outbreaks such as the ebola virus .
do something everyday for yourself and forget worrying about being contaminated with deadly viruses .
act today and stay healthy !
your doctor and the government want to keep pharmaceutical companies in business !
do n't be a guinea pig and get healthy naturally ! !
minerals are found in mother earth designed to help your body have the strongest defense against viruses such as ebola .
the general definition of a mineral encompasses the following criteria : naturally occurring represented by a chemical formula usually abiogenic ( not resulting from the activity of living organisms ) ordered atomic arrangement
africa fears guinea ebola outbreak has spread to sierra leone while sierra leone has no confirmed cases yet , health teams are investigating a number of suspected ebola cases there published 8:35 am , mar 26 , 2014 updated 11:28 am , mar 26 , 2014 ebola .
this colorized transmission electron micrograph ( tem ) obtained march 24 , 2014 from the centers for disease control ( cdc ) in atlanta , georgia , reveals some of the ultrastructural morphology displayed by an ebola virus virion .
photo by cynthia goldsmith/cdc/afp conakry , guinea – west africa was on high alert tuesday , march 25 , after sierra leone warned an ebola outbreak ravaging guinea may have crossed its borders and five deaths in liberia were being tested for the killer virus .
more than 60 people have died of hemorrhagic fever in guinea since the start of february , with the ebola virus identified as the cause in 13 of 45 samples tested by scientists .
what we do have are suspected cases which our health teams are investigating , '' sierra leone 's chief medical officer brima kargbo told reporters .
kargbo said one of the cases concerned a 14-year-old boy thought to have died two weeks ago in guinea before being buried in a village on the sierra leone border .
the second was a patient who was still alive in the northern district of kambia .
a variety of deadly , highly-contagious tropical bugs , including the marburg virus and lassa fever , can lead to similar symptoms -- vomiting , diarrhoea and profuse bleeding -- but the authorities have not announced which other pathogens have been picked up in samples .
the ebola disease has never before been detected among people in west africa .
liberia , which borders guinea to the south , reported on monday that four women and a boy had died of suspected ebola .
bats off the menu meanwhile guinea announced it had banned inhabitants of the ebola-hit south from eating bats , a common feature of the local diet , as the creatures are considered to be the natural host of the virus .
i have formally forbidden the consumption of bats in the region , '' health minister remy lamah said during a visit to the epicentre of the epidemic .
doctors without borders , which is known by its french initials , msf , said other traditional rituals were hampering its response to the outbreak .
emergency coordinator marie-christine ferir said in an interview late monday the suspected spread to neighbouring liberia was linked to people travelling great distances to attend funerals in which mourners touch the dead person 's body .
msf has sent 35 of its health workers to gueckedou , in the country 's heavily-forested south close to the centre of the outbreak , with the aim of treating those affected , identifying possible new cases and providing information to limit the spread of the disease .
no treatment or vaccine is available for ebola , which kills between 25 and 90 percent of those who fall sick , depending on the strain of the virus , according to the world health organization ( who ) .
who spokesman tarik jasarevic told a united nations briefing in geneva the west african ebola species had been confirmed to be the zaire strain , the most lethal of all .
three cases of haemorrhagic fever , two fatal , have also been reported in conakry , but tests for ebola proved negative and the cause has not been made public .
transmission of ebola to humans can come from wild animals , direct contact from another human 's blood , faeces or sweat , as well as sexual contact or the unprotected handling of contaminated corpses .
the tropical virus -- described in some health publications as a `` molecular shark '' -- can fell its victims within days , causing severe fever and muscle pain , weakness , vomiting and diarrhoea , shutting down organs and causing unstoppable bleeding in severe cases .
it was first discovered in the democratic republic of congo in 1976 .
the central african country has since suffered eight outbreaks .
the most recent epidemic , also in the dr congo , infected 62 people and left 34 dead between may and november 2012 , according to the country 's health ministry .
ebola all four suspected ebola cases in spain test negative for the disease air france traveller and a patient who had been in the same ambulance as nurse teresa romero ramos remain in isolation a passenger on an air france flight arriving at madrid with fever symptoms was taken to carlos iii hospital .
photograph : pablo blazquez dominguez/getty images share on whatsapp all four suspected ebola cases admitted to hospitals in spain on thursday have tested negative for the virus in the initial rounds of tests , authorities said on friday .
on thursday , a passenger on an air france flight arriving at madrid’s airport was taken to hospital after he reported a fever and began trembling during the flight .
he had travelled from lagos in nigeria to madrid via paris .
he was brought to madrid’s carlos iii hospital , the designated centre for treating ebola patients in the city .
another man , who had later travelled in the ambulance that carried ebola patient teresa romero ramos last week , was also admitted to the hospital after reporting a fever .
health authorities had been monitoring him after it emerged that seven patients were transported in the romero ramos ambulance before it was disinfected .
on friday morning , authorities said both the air france traveller and the patient who had been in the ambulance had tested negative for ebola in the first round of tests .
both remain in quarantine while authorities wait for the results of the second round of tests .
a missionary , recently returned from liberia , who was also admitted to the hospital on thursday tested negative on friday .
fifteen other patients are in isolation in the carlos iii hospital .
none of them have shown any symptoms of ebola to date .
three people have also been placed in quarantine in the canary islands .
a red cross worker recently returned from treating ebola patients in sierra leone was sent to a hospital in tenerife with a fever on thursday and tested negative on friday .
spain’s only patient with a confirmed case of ebola , teresa romero ramos , remains in stable but serious condition .
the presence of ebola in her blood continues to fall , health officials noted , but cautioned that it was too early to say she is out of danger .
we are talking about dr. potuto and dr. bottecchia , sent as an assistant to the project leader .
in a statement sent to fides agency by cuamm reads : `` it is like an irrepressible obsession that will not abandon you and does not give you peace .
you do not see it , but it is everywhere and chases and persecutes you '' , said dr. potuto .
cases increase without social inequality , gender or generation .
the victims are men and women , children and elders , clerics and laity , rich and poor , peasants and city dwellers .
everyone seeks a sign of hope , a positive sign , a simple perspective : to return to a normal life , with dignity , at peace with nature '' , says the doctor .
and here is how freetown , the capital of sierra leone , is presented in the eyes of bottecchia : `` it is a disoriented country , the presence of ebola is everywhere , as soon as you step off a plane one is greeted by chlorinated water to wash your hands , material information about the infection are handed out and there are health check points just after customs controls .
in more peripheral areas such as pujehun , the roads linking a number of small towns scattered throughout the area are at the limit of viability .
ebola : late doctor’s sister , 339 others discharged –minister http : //newtelegraphonline.com/ebola-late-doctors-sister-339-others-discharged-minister/
warning : ebola & the days of noah - mass scale genetic engineering of the human race want to watch this again later ?
sign in to add this video to a playlist .
need to report the video ?
sign in to report inappropriate content .
rating is available when the video has been rented .
this feature is not available right now .
published on sep 20 , 2014 in this radio broadcast , tim alberino is interviewed by the fellas from the blogtalkradio program `` we are the essential resistance '' concerning a conspiracy to conduct mass scale genetic alterations to the global human populace via ebola , or other virus vector vaccines .
the implications of this nefarious plot are enormous , and could even have eternal ramifications in the days to come .
tim proclaims a dire warning concerning the imminent repeat of the days of noah , and the coming war that mankind will foolishly wage—allied with a host of non-human allies—against god almighty , and his anointed one .
kent brantly , a physician with the humanitarian group samaritan’s purse , and missionary nancy writebol , of sim usa , beat the strain of the disease they had contracted , which kills 52 percent of its victims .
bruce ribner , medical director of the hospital 's infectious disease unit , sat down with scientific american to explain how the two americans were cared for , the lessons that could be applied to help patients across africa and why the hysteria over flying the two individuals back to the u.s. was unfounded .
in general , patients who have recovered from ebola virus infection do develop a very robust immunity to the virus .
they develop antibodies against the virus and they also develop cell-mediated immunity—the lymphocytes important to form viral control of pathogens .
in general , the finding is it’s basically like being immunized—it would be unusual to get infection with the same strain .
will that immunity afford them protection against other strains of ebola ?
we are still evaluating that in our two patients .
cross-protection is not quite as robust .
there are five strains of ebola viruses .
even though that data is not great , the feeling is there is potential for being infected if you go to a different part of africa and get exposed to a different strain .
you said “still evaluating.” are you still caring for brantly and writebol ?
we are going to be following those two patients as outpatients , and as part of our evaluation they have agreed to undergo additional testing so we can better understand immunity to ebola virus .
we are meeting with them periodically .
what sort of lessons has emory learned from caring for these two people that would be transferrable to patients in west africa ?
we are not being critical of our colleagues in west africa .
they suffer from a terrible lack of infrastructure and the sort of testing that everyone in our society takes for granted , such as the ability to do a complete blood count—measuring your red blood cells , your white blood cells and your platelets—which is done as part of any standard checkup here .
the facility in liberia where our two patients were didn’t even have this simple thing , which everyone assumes is done as part of your annual physical .
what we found in general is that among our ebola patients , because of the amount of fluid they lost through diarrhea and vomiting , they had a lot of electrolyte abnormalities .
and so replacing that with standard fluids [ used in hospital settings ] without monitoring will not do a very good job of replacing things like sodium and potassium .
in both of our patients we found those levels to be very low .
one of the messages we will be sending back to our colleagues is even if you don’t have the equipment to measure these levels , do be aware this is occurring when patients are having a lot of body fluid loss .
our two patients also gained an enormous amount of fluid in their tissues , what we call edema .
in ebola virus disease there is damage to the liver and the liver no longer makes sufficient amount of protein ; the proteins in the blood are very low and there is an enormous amount of fluid leakage out into the tissues .
so one of the takeaway messages is to pay closer attention to that and perhaps early on try to replace some of these proteins that patients’ livers lack .
considering how limited resources are in some of these facilities , could health care workers really act on this information ?
i think the world is becoming aware that issues like this are not going to go away .
the developed countries of the world will have to do our part to assist our colleagues with less developed infrastructure to care for sick people .
i think one of the messages that is going out from many sources is we really have to help countries such as the ones involved in this outbreak to develop their medical infrastructure .
hopefully in five years they will have this infrastructure .
you have said that you are helping to develop new ebola care guidelines based on your experience .
how will those be disseminated ?
we have several articles that we have submitted to major medical journals , which are read overseas , where we will be pointing this out .
we are working with several government agencies , including the u.s. state department , to help them come up with lessons learned—guidelines which they will distribute in turn to other countries .
it is our goal to help our colleagues overseas .
alternatively , what lessons did you learn from those health care workers ?
mostly the clinical course of the patients—much like any physician sending a patient to a referral center .
they admitted they knew they were kind of flying blind .
they’d say , “this is what we observed but we had no way to test it.” the world health organization maintains that patients can continue to be infectious via their sexual fluids for several months after recovery .
what did you recommend to brantly and writebol ?
there are data that go back several decades—over several outbreaks—that suggest when you have individuals that have recovered from ebola virus infection they may still be shedding nuclear material [ genetic material from the virus which could potentially help spread it ] in semen in males and vaginal secretions in females and also , potentially in urine .
people have done this by doing assays looking specifically at the nuclear material of the virus .
there has been very little attempt to demonstrate if this is viable virus that these individuals are shedding .
it’s important when looking at epidemiological investigations that no one has been able to show people shedding these nuclear materials as a source of infection after they are discharged .
looking at ebola survivors who were discharged and successfully resolved the infection , following up several months later and evaluating their family members , there has never been any evidence that family members became infected .
a lot of the thinking now is this probably was not live and is not important in terms of control of infection .
we did give both of our patients the standard recommendations , which are contained on the cdc [ u.s. centers for disease control ] web site—not having unprotected sex for three months .
how many doctors and nurses were on your team caring for these two ebola patients ?
twenty-one nurses , five physicians and we had the support of hundreds .
just making sure all the disposables coming out of those rooms were sterilized before we put them on the federal highway system , for example—we had to certify to the contractor that takes our regulated medical waste that it didn’t have active ebola virus inside it .
we didn’t have the equipment to handle all of the waste but in two hours facilities brought in industrial autoclaves [ which sterilize materials with extreme heat ] to replace the system that we had .
we would have been drowning in garbage without them .
it has been reported that brantly received a blood transfusion from a recovered patient .
what role might that have played and is it being tried in other contexts ?
i wouldn’t be able to tell you what i read in his chart .
the most accurate thing to say is we don’t have a clue [ what role a blood transfusion could play ] .
it’s not part of our standard treatment in our country .
we wouldn’t have any idea whether he benefited or it was detrimental .
are current diagnostics to identify ebola virus disease adequate for this outbreak ?
certainly in the united states they are adequate .
the major way one would diagnose ebola virus disease is through a process called pcr or polymerase chain reaction , where you take the patient’s blood , put it in a machine and it tells you in a few hours if the nuclear material from the ebola virus is present .
cdc is doing that for patients coming back from infected areas where virus is a potential .
there are a number of labs , both local and courtesy of cdc , that are doing this testing in west africa , and my sense is it’s not that difficult to get it done .
this past week who announced that one of its workers has been infected with ebola virus disease and that person was given the option of being sent to a different country for treatment .
a british nurse also contracted the virus and went home to the u.k. for care .
what’s the value of getting treated elsewhere ?
given that there is no treatment for ebola virus disease , the main intervention that will determine if someone lives or dies with this infection is supportive care : the ability to replace fluid and electrolytes if a patient is losing them .
the ability to replace platelets if that count is low and a patient is starting to bleed .
the ability to replace protein in the blood that may be deficient .
a developed country has the capability because of our infrastructure to provide that level of support is at a much higher level than a hospital dealing with patients in west africa .
among the handful of patients that received the experimental drug zmapp , some have died .
considering the mortality rate for the current ebola strain is almost 50 percent what can we say about zmapp ?
experimental drugs are experimental drugs because we don’t know if they will work .
that is true both with the preparations patients received in liberia and other preparations that are being considered for treating patients with this infectious disease .
we are a long way from being able to say that someone that received one of these agents benefited , it had no impact or it may be that their outcome may be impeded .
until we have good studies looking at outcomes of patients who received these medications , compared to patients who didn’t receive them , we should be very cautious .
i would go further to say that there is a fair amount of almost hysteria and people feeling they must have these preparations to survive .
in the past people thought they needed agents for treatment , and the agents actually turned out to impair people’s ability to survive .
the focus should remain on aggressive intensive care and the ability to correct abnormalities metabolically , rather than receiving any magic vaccine or product that may or may not improve survival .
for example , there used to be a belief that patients who had bacterial sepsis did much better if you gave them high doses of steroids .
now we know that these may be detrimental instead of beneficial .
we know now since we’ve done the studies .
again , it was one of those things where people felt like “yeah this should be” but when they did the study in randomized patients they found it didn’t work at all .
as you know , two upcoming clinical trials will be looking at potential ebola vaccines , and there are also a variety of experimental therapies that are being discussed in the u.s. and elsewhere beyond zmapp .
how should such information be coordinated ?
does there need to be an entity overseeing that ?
given that we have multiple countries i don’t know that you can have any one entity .
it’s tricky enough having the fda [ u.s. food and drug administration ] monitor what is going on in the united states .
clearly if you are talking about canadian studies or european products , i don’t know that there is any entity that can provide that sort of coordination .
my guess is that most of the manufacturers are aware of what the others are doing and are comparing notes because they feel it’s to their benefit to work together .
an ethics panel from who recently said that it is ethical to give out experimental treatments to ebola patients , but it has not yet specified who should have priority in such circumstances or how such drugs should be doled out .
they are taking up that issue at a meeting next week .
i think it’s certainly ethical to study experimental biologicals and vaccines but we have to be extremely cautious .
it’s not as though we have something that we know works .
to say that anyone is withholding products implies we know that there’s a benefit , which gives me pause because we are a long long way from demonstrating that these offer any benefit in humans .
is there anything you would like to add about insights you learned from your ebola patient care ?
the major thing i hope people have appreciated is there was a lot of anxiety , a lot of negative comment about our bringing these two patients back to our facility to care for them .
most of that we attribute to poor education , and i’m hoping that since we were successful in helping them resolve their infections it helps to dispel the idea that this is a disease that by nature has to be fatal .
as we have been saying all along , we feel that the high fatality rates in developing parts of the world where this infection occurs are because of the lack of resources .
we had always felt that the survival of patients with proper support would be a lot better than in developing countries .
the other thing i would hope we would get across to the public is this is a disease where we don’t have to have a lot of secondary infections—if we follow standard infection-control procedures .
we had 26 people giving direct patient care to these patients and we did not have any secondary infections at all , and that’s as we expected .
we were using contact precautions and droplet precautions .
fortunately , we don’t have to go to that level of protection [ wearing protective full-body suits like in west africa ] .
you wear whatever you need so that the blood and body secretions don’t come into contact with you , depending on the quantity of fluids .
we used gowns and gloves and foot coverings of the health care workers in order to prevent contact with the body materials of these individuals .
our approach was what cdc recommends : you wear a mask and goggles or a face shield to prevent that infection .
some of the nurses spending three to four hours in patients’ rooms were more comfortable wearing hoods than masks and face shields , though those would have been adequate .
we can manage care with minimal chance for secondary spread .
it’s not as though we brought the plague to american shores .
as the initially lacklustre global response to the crisis centred in liberia and adjoining sierra leone and guinea gathered some pace following repeated and impassioned appeals from top un officials and world leaders , the good news from liberia was tempered by warnings that the global toll is likely vastly underestimated .
the outbreak is officially thought to have claimed 4,960 lives and infected 13,042 people , according to the latest data issued by the world health organization .
but that could be the tip of the iceberg , an official at the un health agency said .
this assessment , he said , was based on the knowledge that the fatality rate in the epidemic stands at about 70 percent .
dye said the likely explanation was that many people were burying the dead in secret , possibly to avoid having authorities interfere with burial customs like washing and touching the deceased widely blamed for much of the transmission .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma pressed the point in a meeting this week with lawmakers well as tribal and religious chiefs .
this is a situation where we 're seeing progress but progress can be sporadic with this disease if we are not vigilant , '' said ertharin cousin , the head of the un 's world food programme this week while on a tour of west africa .
among these are more than 2,000 children left orphans by the disease in liberia alone , west africa 's regional bloc ecowas said , urging international help to go beyond immediate medical care .
anthony banbury , the un 's pointman on the fight against ebola , told the bbc that the international body had neither received sufficient funds nor the means to fight the disease .
there are still people , villages , towns [ and ] areas that [ are ] not getting any type of help right now and we definitely do n't have the response capability on the ground now from the international community , '' he said .
the united nations said it has received just over half -- $ 572 million of the $ 988 million -- the funds it is seeking to finance the fight against the worst outbreak of ebola since the discovery of the viral disease in 1976 .
us president barack obama is asking congress for more than $ 6.0 billion in emergency funding while japan became the latest country this week to pledge extra aid , taking tokyo 's contribution to a total of $ 140 million .
photo : reuters normally it takes years to prove a new vaccine is both safe and effective before it can be used in the field .
but with hundreds of people dying a day in the worst-ever outbreak of ebola , there is no time to wait .
in an effort to save lives , health authorities are determined to roll out potential vaccines within months , dispensing with some of the usual testing and raising unprecedented ethical and practical questions .
there are lots of tough real-world deployment issues and nobody has the full answers yet , '' said adrian hill , who is conducting safety trials on healthy volunteers with an experimental ebola shot developed by glaxosmithkline ( gsk ) .
hill , a professor and director at the jenner institute at britain 's university of oxford , said that if his results showed no adverse side effects , gsk 's new shot could used in people in west africa by the end of this year .
even if a drug is shown to be safe , it takes longer to prove it is effective - time that is simply not available when cases of ebola infection are doubling every few weeks and are projected by the world health organisation to reach 20,000 by next month .
more than 3,500 sufferers have died already .
among questions that scientists are grappling with : should an unproven vaccine be given to everybody , or just a few ?
should it be offered to health-care workers first ?
the young before the old ?
should it be used first in liberia where ebola is spreading fastest , or guinea where it is closer to being under control ?
should people be told to assume it will protect them from ebola ?
or should they take all the protective measures they would if they had n't been vaccinated ?
and if so , how will anyone know whether the vaccine works ?
gsk is one of several drug firms that have either started or announced plans for human trials of candidate ebola vaccines .
the others include johnson & johnson , newlink , inovio pharmaceuticals and profectus biosciences .
the who says it hopes to see small-scale use of the first experimental ebola vaccines in west africa by january .
it has convened vaccine specialists , epidemiologists , pharmaceutical companies and ethicists for a meeting tomorrow and on tuesday to discuss the moral and practical issues .
that 's what people are trying to figure out .
this could make it harder for researchers in the future to decipher whether it was protective clothing and safety protocols , or a new vaccine , that kept people safe from the virus .
normally , researchers testing a vaccine would give some volunteers a placebo , or dummy , to create a `` control '' group to compare against those who get the real drug .
that seems unthinkable in a situation where a disease with a death rate of up to 90 per cent is raging through villages .
most people think it would n't be - especially if you have reasonable evidence that the vaccine might work , '' hill said .
jeremy farrar , an infectious diseases expert and director of the wellcome trust medical charity , said limited supplies of any candidate vaccine could result in a form of natural control group being formed anyway , in that researchers could compare populations where the vaccine was available with those where it was not .
gsk has said it was aiming to have 10,000 doses of its experimental shot by the end of the year , while canada has given 800 vials of the newlink candidate vaccine to the who , expected to yield at least 1,500 doses .
most experts interviewed favour the idea of the first doses going to frontline healthcare workers , since their exposure to risk is so high .
researchers could then compare infection rates among health workers who receive the vaccine to those working in regions still waiting for it .
peter piot , a co-discoverer of the ebola virus in 1976 and now director of the london school of hygiene and tropical medicine , said that however complicated the ethics , reverting to the traditional years-long process of testing vaccines , and withholding them from west africa until then , was not an option .
this article appeared in the south china morning post print edition as rules must be broken in battle with ebola
admin who | frequently asked questions ebola virus disease , 1. what is ebola virus disease ?
ebola virus disease ( formerly known as ebola haemorrhagic fever ) is a severe , often fatal illness , with a death rate of up to 90 % .. ebola virus disease : check symptoms signs , learn the symptoms and signs of ebola virus disease .
common symptoms and signs include bleeding , diarrhea , and rash .
pinpoint your symptoms and signs with medicinenet .
who | ebola virus disease , the ebola virus causes an acute , serious illness which is often fatal if untreated .
ebola virus disease ( evd ) first appeared in 1976 in 2 simultaneous outbreaks , one .
984 x 1337 · 1923 kb · png , 3d ebola virus admin breaking news ebola virus – breakingnews. , ebola virus ( ebov , formerly designated zaire ebolavirus ) is the sole member of the zaire ebolavirus species , and the most dangerous of the five known viruses within .
doctor york city sick ebola – nytimes. , a doctor in new york city who recently returned from treating ebola patients in guinea became the first person in the city to test positive for the virus .
health news & articles | healthy living – abc news , get the latest health news from dr. richard besser .
here you’ll find stories about new medical research , the latest health care trends and health issues that affect .
650 x 366 · 51 kb · jpeg , figura aei-02 .
tan solo imagine que el infectado con ébola sufriera … admin ebola ( virus ) dictionary definition | ebola ( virus ) defined , origin of ebola ( virus ) after ebola river , democratic republic of the congo , near which there was an outbreak of the virus in 1976 .
ebola law isolation quarantine north , just over a month ago , the first case of ebola virus disease to be diagnosed in the united states occurred in dallas , texas .
it was considered an “imported” case .
from place ebola virus ? , this emedtv article explains that the ebola virus gets its name from a river in africa where the virus was first recognized ) .
this segment discusses ebola’s name and .
1272 x 715 · 211 kb · jpeg , new york times sunday crossword admin who | frequently asked questions ebola virus disease , 1. what is ebola virus disease ?
ebola virus disease ( formerly known as ebola haemorrhagic fever ) is a severe , often fatal illness , with a death rate of up to 90 % .. ebola virus disease : check symptoms signs , learn the symptoms and signs of ebola virus disease .
common symptoms and signs include bleeding , diarrhea , and rash .
pinpoint your symptoms and signs with medicinenet .
who | ebola virus disease , the ebola virus causes an acute , serious illness which is often fatal if untreated .
ebola virus disease ( evd ) first appeared in 1976 in 2 simultaneous outbreaks , one .
1000 x 1500 · 148 kb · jpeg , ebola hemorrhagic fever symptoms admin the hot zone : terrifying true story origins , the hot zone : the terrifying true story of the origins of the ebola virus – kindle edition by richard preston .
ebola virus disease west africa — 9 months , original article from the new england journal of medicine — ebola virus disease in west africa — the first 9 months of the epidemic and forward projections .
who | ebola virus disease , the ebola virus causes an acute , serious illness which is often fatal if untreated .
ebola virus disease ( evd ) first appeared in 1976 in 2 simultaneous outbreaks , one .
1700 x 2200 · 123 kb · jpeg , ebola virus cell admin ebola , symptoms , prevention treatment – youtube , extra tag- ebola virus disease ebola symtoms symptoms of ebola what is ebola disease ebola hemorrhagic fever ebola virus causes diseases in humans ebola .
ebola virus disease : medlineplus medical encyclopedia , ebola is a severe and often deadly disease caused by a virus .
symptoms include fever , diarrhea , vomiting , bleeding , and often , death .
ebola can occur in humans and .
ebola ( ebola virus disease ebola hemorrhagic fever , ebola hemorrhagic fever is a viral disease caused by ebola virus that results in nonspecific symptoms early in the disease and often causes internal and external .
750 x 500 · 61 kb · jpeg , une école fermée à cause de la menace du virus ebola à kayes , au …
nigerian ebola cases rise to 18 , deaths up to 7 by reuters published : 10:47 est , 3 september 2014 | updated : 10:47 est , 3 september 2014 abuja , sept 3 ( reuters ) - nigeria now has 18 ebola cases , after a fourth case surfaced in port harcourt , home to africa 's biggest oil and gas industry , the health minister said on wednesday .
the ebola outbreak in africa 's most populous country began on july 20 when a liberian man with the disease collapsed at lagos airport , spreading the virus to the hospital staff who treated him .
a man who had travelled with him then skipped quarantine and travelled to port harcourt , bringing the disease there .
a doctor died in the oil city last week .
health minister onyebuchi chukwu said a patient he had treated had also now died .
a total of 255 people were under surveillance in port harcourt , while 41 were in lagos .
missionary who survived ebola offers to help nurse friend who has also caught virus nancy writebol selflessly said she would go back to west africa after hearing dr rick sacra , 51 , had contracted the killer virus .
share reuters emergency : nancy writebol is taken into emory university hospital in atlanta georgia the american missionary who survived ebola has offered to return to liberia to help nurse a colleague back to health after he too was struck down with the deadly disease .
nancy writebol selflessly said she would go back to west africa after hearing dr rick sacra , 51 , had contracted the killer virus .
as she broke her silence for the first time since being released from hospital in america the 59-year-old said she was willing to return to help her ‘close friend’ .
they are part of the family .
willing to help : missionary nancy writebol and her husband david “to hear the news is very sad , ( knowing ) the whole cycle of the progression of the disease and how that story might end.” medics have said she is too weak to travel at the moment but she added she would gladly return if she was well enough .
dr sacra was not treating ebola patients but pregnant women when he contracted the disease .
nancy also revealed the time she discovered she had ebola .
she said : “david ( her husband ) came in shortly after they left and he said , ‘nancy i have something i need to tell you.” “he said , ‘nancy , kent has ebola , ’ and my heart sank .
and then david said , ‘and so do you.’” reuters/samaritan 's purse survivor : dr kent brantly in liberia her offer of help came as dr kent brantly spoke of his struggle for survival saying “i felt like i was about to die” .
in first tv interview since his release from the emory hospital in atlanta , he described his ordeal to nbc’s matt lauer , who recently interviewed pippa middleton .
the 33-year-old recounted the moment he was told he could be dying .
and i don’t know how long i can keep this up , ” he said .
ebola map “i thought , i’m not gon na be able to continue breathing this way .
initially , he hoped it was malaria or dengue fever , but the results kept coming back negative until he was eventually tested for ebola .
the positive test means death for more than 90 per cent who catch the disease , but dr brantly says he never lost faith even when doctors started to fear he would n't make it through the night .
frisco officials say risk is low that sheriff 's deputy who visited duncan 's apartment has ebola sahil kapur / talking points memo : anthony kennedy halts gay marriage in idaho , nevada — justice anthony kennedy issued an order to halt same-sex marriage in idaho — and apparently also nevada — on wednesday after the 9th circuit court of appeals struck down the states ' bans one day earlier .
— my recent collision with ben affleck on bill maher 's show , real time , has provoked an extraordinary amount of controversy. it seems a postmortem is in order. — for those who have n't seen the show , most of what i write here wo n't make sense unless you watch my segment : + tens of thousands of walmart workers are about to lose their health insurance — and it 's good news !
— walmart , the world 's largest retailer , announced tuesday that it would no longer offer health insurance benefits to its 26,000 part-time workers. — nobody likes losing any kind of benefit at work .
in august , texas governor rick perry called it a … + is isis here ? — watching greta van susteren 's show on fox news … michael w. chapman / cnsnews : duck dynasty 's phil robertson : ‘biblically correct sex is safe’ sex - no stds — ( cnsnews.com ) - the bible teaches that god made one man and one woman to come together and be married , a union through which they can procreate and “fill the earth with offspring , ” said duck dynasty patriarch phil robertson … +
ebola book , ebola k , ebola africa , ebola survival , ebola disease , ebola epidemic prime members can borrow this book and read it on their devices with kindle owners lending library .
free kindle reading app anybody can read kindle books�even without a kindle device�with the free kindle app for smartphones , tablets and computers .
to get the free app , enter your email address or mobile phone number .
healing gotham by bruce f. berg read this well researched account of health care policy in new york .
learn more | see related books book description discover everything you need to know about ebola you 're about to discover information that can save your life or the lives of your family .
this book will prepare you with the all the details needed to avoid the ebola pandemic .
the ebola virus is once again in full force and has claimed the lives of many people .
with the spread of the ebola virus across the atlantic ocean , thousands of individuals worldwide have shown great concern over the possibility of the virus infecting even more than it already has .
as of october 2014 , there are an estimated eight-thousand cases of the infection in guinea , liberia , and sierra leone combined , along with about two dozen cases all together in spain , nigeria , senegal , and the united states so far , there are two vaccinations in development to tackle the virus , and various scientists and doctors all over the world are working hard to create safe and effective treatments to combat the virus .
still , you can benefit from learning more about the ebola virus and disease from a composed perspective .
despite all the uncertainty and widespread panic over the virus , there are many ways in which you can avoid succumbing to it and , in fact , contribute to the virus’s eventual demise here is a preview of what you 'll learn ... everything you need to know about ebola symptoms and diagnosis how to avoid the virus precautions for healthcare professionals myths about the ebola virus take action right away to discover information that can save you and your family for a limited time discount of only $ .99 !
tags : ebola book , ebola k , ebola africa , ebola survival , ebola disease , ebola epidemic sold by : amazon digital services , inc .
language : english word wise : not enabled lending : enabled › visit amazon 's matthew mahone page matthew is a life life coach and entrepreneur , having founded several companies throughout his life .
he focuses his energies on the achievement of individual success , as he believes every man and women on earth were born to be successful .
matthew has teamed up with experts in every subject featuring them as co-authors in his books .
he has helped numerous people boost their credibility and expose their business in a huge way .
he has helped people gain prestige as a published co-author for amazon best selling books .
being a big believer of the importance of self development in every area of life , he 's constantly expanding his knowledge and testing out new things .
he enjoys sharing experiences with other business leaders as well , as he 's certain that surrounding yourself with the right people can indeed skyrocket your life .
matthew enjoys publishing books that can make a real impact in people 's lives .
if you have any suggestions or would like to have a certain subject covered in a future book , please send an email to matthewmahone15 @ gmail.com and he will get back to you .
what other items do customers buy after viewing this item ?
100 % de satisfação garantida uh oh ... unknown 0 can’t display all the features of our site .
may we suggest an alternative browser ?
because you won’t want to miss out on all this goodness .
vírus de ebola roupa para caes pré- venda faça seu pedido de pré-venda hoje mesmo !
seu design será produzido e enviado assim que nossos fabricantes estiverem prontos para iniciar a produção .
sobre esse produto modelo : camiseta de algodão doggie vista o seu cão com esta bela t-shirt 100 % algodão cardado tecido em anel para bebé em duas cores com friso .
disponível em 2 lindas combinações de cores e em 4 tamanhos .
costura dupla reforçada na gola , cavas e barra .
seleccione um tamanho maior para cães com pelo comprido .
blueeyedjuniper featured by owner edited nov 12 , 2014 student traditional artist offensive , but good cosplay skills regardless :3 archimedehiken featured by owner edited nov 12 , 2014 hobbyist general artist `` ebola '' ...
it 's just ... what the fuck ? ! !
to use something of also serious , it is degrading for all the families which lose a close relation reached of this disease .
i respect your work , but this `` cosplay '' , no , no , and again , no !
i think , you 're not a bad person , but it 's really clumsy or stupid to use the ebola virus like a personnal creation cosplay .
bahamut-dragoon featured by owner nov 12 , 2014 hobbyist general artist this is offensive ... people cosplaying this terrible virus are the worst .
i do n't understand people who could be proud to being this nightmare .
i do n't get it ... to become popular ?
i hope not ... my god .
is this becoming a thing .
8bit-samurai featured by owner nov 10 , 2014 hobbyist photographer you 're really talented but is n't this just ... a little offensive ?
ebola is a horrible sickness that most do n't even survive , making light of it seems rude .
5ky1errac3rgt featured by owner nov 10 , 2014 hobbyist digital artist so cute but so scared o.o cinemaspeaks featured by owner nov 10 , 2014 hobbyist traditional artist e-bola chan ! !
marikioku featured by owner nov 10 , 2014 hobbyist general artist che cosa di cattivo gusto ò_ò
ebola outbreak in west africa among 'most challenging ' - who posted on wednesday , april 09 , 2014 west africa 's ebola outbreak is among the `` most challenging '' ever to strike since the disease emerged four decades ago , the who said , as the suspected death toll from the virus hit 111 .
who expects to confront ebola outbreak in west africa in the next two to four months .
who said on tuesday that it expected to have to confront an outbreak of the deadly virus ebola in west africa for the next two to four months , the reuters news agency reported .
world health organisation says deadly virus still spreading in west african nations , as epidemic 's death toll hits 111 .
but the united nations agency said it was not recommending any travel restrictions to guinea , which has a total of 157 suspected and confirmed cases including 101 deaths , or liberia which has 21 suspected and confirmed cases including 10 deaths .
who medical officer stephane hugonnet , just back from guinea , said : `` in guinea forestiere , the outbreak is not over , this is the epicentre .
as long as it is not over there , there will be cases exported to the rest of the country .
most new cases were linked to known transmission chains , which he said was `` reassuring '' .
union player challenges you to kick ebola in the butt one union player wants you to kick ebola in the butt .
embed < iframe width= '' 476 '' height= '' 270 '' src= '' http : //6abc.com/video/embed/ ? pid=364729 '' frameborder= '' 0 '' allowfullscreen > < /iframe > by ali gorman , r.n .
friday , october 24 , 2014 the new york city doctor who 's battling the virus continues to be treated at bellevue hospital in manhattan .
from a medical standpoint , the protocols were followed .
the training that first responders and bellevue hospital staff went through appears to have paid off .
dr. craig spencer returned from sierra leone on october 17th .
on the 23rd , came down with an elevated temperature and that 's when he was transported by a team in hazmat gear .
there are some concerns about the days in between when he was out and about in new york city .
public health experts are trying to alleviate those fears .
doctor richard besser of abc news defends dr. spencer 's activity , being out in the community upon returning from sierra leone .
per protocol , dr. spencer was self-monitoring .
as soon as his temperature hit 100.3 he reported it .
after that , the mayor of new york city says everything went as planned .
in terms of his travel on the subway , running , or eating restaurants , everyday new yorkers should not be overly concerned .
you can only catch ebola when someone is sick and through direct contact with bodily fluids .
but while the situation in new york is being handled , the outbreak in west africa continues .
philadelphia union soccer player michael lahoud has kicked off a campaign to help .
he 's from sierra leone and also plays for the national team there .
the campaign is called `` kick ebola in the butt .
here 's how it works : your partner , in michael 's case dr. thilo kunkel of temple university , gets a free shot , 5 feet away to kick a soft soccer ball at your behind .
if he hits , you donate to 'doctors without borders .
' if your partner misses , he or she donates .
lahoud says it 's a way to raise awareness and money for 'doctors without borders .
' the organization is on the ground in west africa helping to control the outbreak .
and while it is a fun campaign , he reminds us , he has seen the problem in west africa and it is serious .
lahoud wants to give people a way to help .
nigeria 's 8th most read news platform wed , 18 mar 2015 08:28:16 +0000 en-us
sierra leone doctor with ebola dies in u.s. hospital editor : bai yang 丨xinhua share this : share on twitter share on facebook share on sinaweibo share on email font size : washington , nov. 17 ( xinhua ) -- a doctor who contracted the deadly disease of ebola in sierra leone has died at the nebraska medical center in the united states , the hospital said monday .
martin salia , a native of sierra leone and a u.s. legal permanent resident , has passed away as a result of advanced symptoms of the disease , the hospital said in a statement .
he was placed on dialysis , a ventilator and multiple medications to support his organ systems in an effort to help his body fight the disease .
he also received a dose of convalescent plasma and zmapp therapy was initiated on saturday .
in dr. salia 's case , his disease was already extremely advanced by the time he came here for treatment .
we are so appreciative of the opportunity for my husband to be treated here and believe he was in the best place possible , '' she said .
salia tested positive for the virus on nov. 10 .
he was brought back to the u.s. hospital on saturday .
earlier this year , the nebraska medical center , one of the four hospitals in the u.s. equipped to handle ebola , has successfully treated two patients who contracted the virus in west africa .
eight of the previous nine ebola patients treated in the united states survived .
only one , liberian national thomas eric duncan , died of the virus .
related videos please scan the qr code to follow us on instagram please scan the qr code to follow us on wechat we recommend along the frontier part 37- deqin ( 2 ) my solo tour de france part 1 china’s historic towns part 33- china’s historic towns part 33 secrets under the stones part 1 along the frontier part 36- deqin china’s historic towns- china’s historic towns part 32 karen mok : a multi-talented superstar the new tool : tattoo culture in china fuding , fujian province
an international business times article from today confirms that three iraqi news outlets reported that ebola showed up at a hospital in mosul , a city 250 miles north of baghdad which has been under isis control since june 2014 .
christy feig , who’s director of communications , casted doubt on the report though , telling reporters , “we have no official notification from [ the iraqi government ] that it is ebola.” on top of that , it isn’t clear whether any disease experts or doctors in mosul are even able to test for the ebola virus .
a kurdish official , who was convinced the cases are ebola , told the kurdish media outlet xendan that the militants’ symptoms were similar to those of the ebola virus .
nonetheless , ebola symptoms , like nausea and vomiting , diarrhea , and bleeding , are also similar to those associated with a number of other diseases , including malaria , lassa fever , yellow fever viruses , and the marburg virus .
iraq’s pro-government newspaper , al sabaah , reported that the disease arrived in mosul from “terrorists” who came “from several countries” in africa .
according to a washington post report , the majority of the isis’ african fighters came from tunisia , while others came from morocco , libya , egypt , algeria , sudan , and somalia — none of which reported any ebola cases in 2014 .
benjamin t. decker , an intelligence analyst with the levantine group , said that over the past few weeks , militants affiliated with isis have executed more than a dozen doctors in mosul .
workers have thus far been prohibited from entering isis-controlled territory in both iraq and syria , ” he said .
decker added , “in this context , the lack of medical infrastructure , supplies and practitioners in the city suggests that the outbreak could quickly lead to further infection of both isis fighters and residents of mosul.”
the corporate propaganda antidote - silver , gold , truth , liberty , & freedom tue , 17 mar 2015 20:32:56 +0000 hourly
ebola hemorrhagic fact sheet what is ebola hemorrhagic fever ?
ebola hemorrhagic fever ( ebola hf ) is a severe , often-fatal disease in humans and nonhuman primates ( monkeys , gorillas , ,ebola hemorrhagic fever national center for emerging and zoonotic infectious diseases division of high -consequence pathogens and pathology ( dhcpp ) what is ebola ?
what is my risk of getting ebola ?
• ebola is also known as ebola virus disease ( evd ) or ebola hemorrhagic fever ( ehf ) .
there are five ebola subspecies , four of which are known … cdc fact sheet on ebola - centers for disease control and ... march 18,2015 nov 20 , 2014 · ebola , previously known as ebola hemorrhagic fever , is a rare and deadly disease caused by infection with one of the ebola virus species .
ebola can … ebola hemorrhagic fever information packet march 18,2015 fact sheet what is ebola hemorrhagic fever ?
ebola hemorrhagic fever ( ebola hf ) is a severe , often-fatal disease in humans and nonhuman primates ( monkeys , gorillas , ebola hemorrhagic fever transmission and risk factors … march 18,2015 from august 2000 through january 2001 , a large epi-demic of ebola hemorrhagic fever occurred in uganda , with 425 cases and 224 deaths .
starting from three laboratory- ebola hemorrhagic fever - summit county public health march 18,2015 ebola hemorrhagic fever national center for emerging and zoonotic infectious diseases division of high -consequence pathogens and pathology ( dhcpp ) ebola virus disease ( evd ) – general information march 18,2015 ebola virus disease ( evd ) – general information what is ebola virus disease ?
ebola virus disease ( evd ) is a severe , often fatal , viral disease .
ebola hemorrhagic fever - cdc stacks | welcome march 18,2015 ebola hemorrhagic fever national center for emerging and zoonotic infectious diseases division of high -consequence pathogens and pathology ( dhcpp )
obama indemnifies gov’t contractors from damages arising from importing ebola to us november 14 , 2014 - 11:09 am share on facebook share on twitter health care workers in protective garb remove the body of an ebola victim in west africa .
cnsnews.com emailed usaid to ask if the president’s directive also protects these companies from claims made by a u.s. citizen who contracts ebola from an employee who brings the disease back from west africa after working under a government contract .
an unnamed spokesperson for the agency responded : “yes .
the indemnification applies only to the extent that the claim , loss , or damage arises out of or results from exposure to ebola in the course of performance of a contract and exceeds applicable insurance coverage.” in other words , if a company a employee contracts ebola while working in west africa , brings the disease back to the united states , is not quarantined and ends up infecting members of the general public , company a is protected from any damages arising from lawsuits by these secondary victims .
according to the usaid spokesperson , employees of these contracted companies `` provide essential services , including medical and non-medical management of ebola patients .
featured video waste watch all original cnsnews.com material , copyright 1998-2015 .
the mission of the media research center is to create a media culture in america where truth and liberty flourish .
the mrc is a research and education organization operating under section 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) of the internal revenue code , and contributions to the mrc are tax-deductible .
federal employees and military personnel can donate to the media research center through the combined federal campaign or cfc .
to donate to the mrc , use cfc # 12489 .
visit the cfc website for more information about giving opportunities in your workplace .
ebola virus structure image wallpaper : ebola virus structure image resolution : 1024x995 view fullsize download download ebola virus structure image is our awesome collection in high quality wallpaper & desktop backgrounds .
we collect and select the most beautiful high-quality photos/wallpaper of this images from thousands of photos.we provides high quality .
if you do n't find the best wallpaper you 're looking for , then go to related wallpaper at the bottom of this post .
ebola virus structure image for you to enjoy , you can set any image as your wallpaper or download it with just one click .
please check out our wide selection of sharp , crystal clear , media wallpapers that are delivered in high definition .
if you do n't find the best wallpaper you 're looking for , then go to related wallpaper at the bottom of this post .
virus structure related to ebola virus structure image posted on 18 nov , 2014
ebola zombies : victims 'rising from the dead ' fake news story goes viral , sparks outrage on social media by simi john october 7 , 2014 13:42 bst nurses wearing a protective suit escorting a man infected with the ebola virus to a hospital in monrovia , liberia .
the bogus report published on satire website big american news , carried a gruesome picture , supposedly of a liberian ebola victim `` risen from the dead '' along with the caption : `` for the first time in human history , confirmed footage of a man who scientists watched die from ebola then only several hours later , regain life and rise from the dead .
the name of the victim has not been released by the who , and news of the patient rising from the dead comes only hours after the united states announced its first ebola victim in dallas , texas .
citizens of liberia have expressed outrage and concern that the us may have tested an 'evolved ' form of the virus on their nation 's populace , not forseeing the virus ' spread reaching beyond medical containment , '' the article went on .
however , there is no truth to the story and according to hoax slayer , the image is a photoshopped screenshot of a zombie from the movie world war z .
many twitter users believed the fake news report , and expressed their disbelief .
i 'm not ready for the zombie apocalypse !
who gives green light to 15-minute ebola test afp-jiji share geneva – the world health organization announced friday it has approved a 15-minute test for ebola that could be a fast and rugged tool in countries hit by the disease .
the test is a little less accurate than the so-called gold standard of lab assessment , but it doesn’t need electricity or highly trained personnel to use it , who spokesman tarik jasarevic said .
the test , manufactured by the u.s. firm corgenix , “can correctly identify 92 percent of ebola infected patients , ” he said .
it entails putting a drop of blood on a paper strip , which then shows positive or negative , like a pregnancy test .
the who’s evaluation means that the test meets benchmarks for quality , safety and performance , jasarevic said .
he gave no details as to where and when the test will be introduced but did indicate it will likely be bought by a u.n. agency .
health watchdogs are keen for a fast test because the current pcr test , which looks for telltale genetic signatures , can take up to 24 hours .
a simple but reliable test would help doctors in the field to quarantine people likely to have the virus and airports to test passengers before they get on a flight .
as of sunday , the who said 23,253 people had been infected with ebola and 9,380 had died , the vast majority of them in guinea , sierra leone and liberia .
cruise ship docks with ebola-watched health worker associated press 7:53 am , oct 19 , 2014 7:54 am , oct 19 , 2014 the ship was originally turned away by countries after learning who was on board .
knxv previous next galveston , tx - a cruise ship carrying a dallas health care worker who was being monitored for ebola returned to port sunday after an eventful seven-day trip in which passengers had their vacations briefly disrupted with an infectious disease scare .
a lab supervisor who handled a specimen from a liberian man who died from ebola in dallas showed no symptoms during the cruise but self-quarantined out of caution .
carnival cruise lines told passengers the unidentified woman was tested for ebola but the results were negative .
vicky rey , vice president of guest care for carnival cruise lines , said the woman and her husband drove themselves home after arriving in galveston early sunday , but offered no further details .
latest coverage on ebola crisis the ebola scare added some drama to the trip for the hundreds of passengers on the ship .
they learned through a public address system announcement that one of the passengers was being monitored for ebola .
they watched developments about the ebola outbreak and their ship on the news .
the boat was not allowed to dock in cozumel , depriving passengers of one of the top port destinations .
travelers snapped pictures of a coast guard helicopter as it landed to get a blood sample from the passenger .
we ended up just hanging out and enjoying the rest of the trip , '' said meredith brooks , a houston banker who was on her honeymoon during the cruise .
state department spokeswoman jen psaki said that when the woman left the u.s. on the cruise ship from galveston , texas , on oct. 12 health officials were requiring only self-monitoring .
officials stepped up their response while the cruise was underway and two nurses were diagnosed with ebola .
carnival cruise lines said in a statement that the woman was `` not deemed to be a risk to any guests or crew .
petty officer andy kendrick told the associated press that a coast guard crew flew in a helicopter saturday to meet the carnival magic and retrieved a blood sample from the woman .
he said the blood sample was taken to a state lab in austin for processing .
the ship was refused clearance to dock in cozumel , mexico on friday , a day after belize refused to let the passenger leave the vessel .
there were no restrictions placed on other passengers aboard the ship , officials said .
passenger james dinkley of thelma , texas , took the cruise to celebrate his one-year wedding anniversary with his wife .
he said there was some initial confusion and agitation after they learned of the situation , were delayed in belize for several hours and had the cozumel visit cancelled .
but he said the cruise line kept everyone informed with regular updates after that .
carnival gave passengers credit for the missed cozumel leg .
this material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
search results for : zah rahan krangar no matches .
please try again , or use the navigation menus to find what you search for .
cdc : more than 1,400 people in u.s .
being actively monitored for ebola december 1 , 2014 breaking news , health news , personal safety , travel , usa news the killer virus ebola may not be front and center in the news , but it’s still in the forefront of efforts by health officials nationwide .
as of today , more than 1,400 people in 44 states in the u.s. are being actively monitored by state and local health departments after returning from west africa .
the good news is that no new cases have been reported in the u.s. since oct. 23 .
responding to a public outcry , the department of homeland security began , on oct. 22 , requiring all u.s. bound passengers from the primary ebola-infected west african nations to arrive at one of five u.s. airports with enhanced screening… ( read more ) dec 1 , 2014 atom
sierra leone educates on safe ebola burials by voa news with ebola having killed more than 2,000 people in sierra leone , and unsafe burials possibly being responsible for up to 70 percent of new infections , officials said they are resorting to increasingly desperate measures to clamp down on traditional burials in the country .
officials have even threatened to jail people - once it 's clear they have not caught the disease - who prepare the corpses of their loved ones .
he is the director of a u.s. government aids program but has been helping with ebola containment .
according to the latest world health organization figures , 7,373 people have died of ebola in the three worst-affected countries , liberia , sierra leone and guinea .
old ways are hard to break , though .
funerals are important social occasions in the three most-affected countries , sierra leone , liberia and guinea .
people often travel great distances to attend and bodies are typically washed and dressed by relatives or friends .
funeral traditions many believe a traditional burial is necessary to make sure the dead do n't return to haunt the living .
and during the course of a funeral , many people touch the body .
unfortunately , these practices are the perfect breeding ground for ebola , according the international federation of the red cross .
the bodies of ebola victims can be up to 10 times more infectious than those of people living with the disease , the aid group said .
as funeral-goers touch the body , the disease can be spread among the crowd and then carried back to mourners’ homes , where it can cause new disease clusters , said rebecca bunnell , a behavioral epidemiologist with the u.s. centers for disease control .
now officials and well-known sierra leoneans are speaking out in an attempt to encourage listeners to avoid dangerous burial practices , such as relatives touching or washing the dead bodies , that are fueling the spread of ebola in the west african country .
it 's hard to put a number on how many dangerous burials are taking place because they are held in secret , but even the most conservative estimates suggest that burials are responsible for at least a quarter of all infections in the region , according to experts .
pledge for safe burial dr. desmond williams , a sierra leonean-american doctor who works for the cdc , took to the airwaves last month with a chilling , and blunt , message : “if i die , i want the deaths to stop with me.” williams then said his wish would be for his family to give him a safe , dignified , medical burial .
similar pledges have been made by prominent sierra leoneans , including the communications director for the health ministry , pop stars and radio dj 's .
miscommunication and slow response times by burial teams marred funerals early in the outbreak , officials said .
some families held their own burials because teams were slow to arrive or they carried off bodies without telling relatives where they would be buried , said the cdc 's bunnell .
but as more teams have been put in the field and relatives have increasingly been able to watch funerals , compliance appears to be increasing .
over the course of the past year , an international community has developed `` rapid response '' - rushing medical aid to an area where new outbreaks occur - as the way to deal with this epidemic .
our experience in communities in all three countries , is that if we can get rapid response teams very quickly , we can stop a cluster , ” dr. thomas frieden , director of the cdc , told reporters this week .
the cdc said a rapid response has been successful in one sierra leone district and now the same tactics are being used in kono , which is dealing with an outbreak .
the world health organization reported an ebola hotspot in kono district that had killed 87 people and sickened 123 by early this month .
struggling with outbreak in koidu , the capital of kono district , people continue to die of what is thought to be ebola while others seem unaware of the risks , according to a reuters report .
a reuters reporter saw a young man lying on a city street , vomiting .
he died there before an ambulance could come .
an almost hysterical soldier ordered bystanders next to the highly contagious corpse , who were wearing open-toed rubber flip-flops , to stand back .
look at you , in slippers , in slippers ! ” he yelled .
while the deployment of medical workers and equipment to kono has been the fastest so far in the country , officials said , medics arrived too late to nip it in the bud and are struggling to contain the ebola outbreak .
help needs to arrive when case numbers are still low .
a small team of local nurses left at the makeshift ebola center were so afraid of patients they resorted to throwing packets of medicine inside , kelly said .
by late november , kelly and another doctor had witnessed a descent into chaos in kono , about 450 kilometers ( 280 miles ) east of the capital freetown .
the hospital was getting overrun by ebola patients , ” kelly said .
ten staff at the center caught ebola and five have died so far .
shortly afterwards , help began to arrive in kono , which lies in the diamond mining eastern province , and the red cross is building a 30-bed treatment center .
liberian response in comparison in liberia , the medecins sans frontieres group sent a team within two days after a case was confirmed in one isolated village .
a 12 bed treatment center was built within eight days .
fernando fernandez , a member of the european commission 's ebola response team in freetown , said this was not yet being matched in sierra leone .
but we have to be much faster than that .
we should be aiming at what they are doing in liberia , ” fernandez said .
even now , the district has just two ambulances and officials complain one of them spends half the time in the garage .
two of the drivers have died from ebola .
patients are sent to the town of kenema on a three hour journey via a bumpy dirt road crossing the mountains .
a lack of resources meant aid workers could not evaluate the number of cases in kono .
authorities are trying to manage over 400 people who came into contact with ebola sufferers under quarantine that is supposed to last until tuesday .
paul saquee , chairman of the kono council of chiefs , had mixed feelings about the help sent to the area .
but is it too late ?
no , ” he said .
material for this report came from ap and reuters .
100 % zufriedenheit garantiert uh oh ... unknown 0 can’t display all the features of our site .
may we suggest an alternative browser ?
because you won’t want to miss out on all this goodness .
ebola schale jumbo-tasse pre- order pre-order today !
your design will be made and shipped as soon as our manufacturers are ready to begin production .
über dieses produkt ausführung : jumbo ist es eine schüssel oder eine tasse ?
in die individuelle jumbo tasse von zazzle passt einfach alles !
diese jumbotasse aus 100 % keramik ist perfekt für suppen , eis , chili oder eine menge kaffee und sieht mit deinen fotos , texten oder designs toll aus .
sie ist spülmaschinen- und mikrowellengeeignet und vielleicht die einzige tasse/schüssel , die du in deiner küche brauchst !
für spülmaschine und mikrowelle geeignet .
medical workers will do everything they can to make sure nobody else contracts the virus .
cnn 's tom foreman takes a closer look at the precautions .
morning express with robin meade airs monday through friday at 6 a.m .
like the show on facebook , and follow on twitter : @ morningexp
home » news » first case of suspected ebola discovered in new york city , usa first case of suspected ebola discovered in new york city , usa 223 news 7 months ago creamie susan 0 a patient at mount sinai hospital is being tested after traveling to a country where the ebola virus is present , the hospital said in a statement .
the man arrived at mount sinai’s emergency room early monday morning with high fever and gastrointestinal symptoms .
the man told doctors he had recently traveled to a west african country where ebola is present , the hospital said .
the man has been placed in “strict isolation” and is undergoing various tests to determine the cause of the symptoms , the hospital said .
all appropriate steps to keep patients , staff and visitors safe are being taken , the hospital said .
click c00490270 to join our bbm channel , to get instant updates on music , videos , juicy gossips and more or search for `` c00490270 '' get latest news in your mail submit
ebola is killing west africans without even infecting them 3 months ago join operation blessing’s u.s .
disaster relief team as they bring much needed relief in real time to people in crisis across the u.s. you can be a part of bringing much needed relief to children made orphans by ebola .
operation blessing is delivering food and paying school tuition to hundreds of orphaned children in monrovia , liberia .
these are children who lost one or both parents to the ebola virus and are now living with extended family. let’s stand with these kids and make a difference. click in the action box now .
in gueckedou , near the village where ebola first started killing people in guinea’s tropical southern forests a year ago , doctors say they have had to stop pricking fingers to do blood tests for malaria .
guinea’s drop in reported malaria cases this year by as much as 40 percent is not good news , said dr. bernard nahlen , deputy director of the u.s. president’s malaria initiative .
he said the decrease is likely because people are too scared to go to health facilities and are not getting treated for malaria .
some 15,000 guineans died from malaria last year , 14,000 of them children under five , according to nets for life africa , a new york-based charity dedicated to providing insecticide-treated mosquito nets to put over beds .
in comparison , about 1,600 people in guinea have died from ebola , according to statistics from the world health organization .
malaria is the leading cause of death in children under five in guinea and , after aids , the leading cause of adult deaths , according to nets for life .
ebola and malaria have many of the same symptoms , including fever , dizziness , head and muscle aches .
malaria is caused by bites from infected mosquitoes while ebola can be contracted only from the body fluids of an infected victim — hence doctors’ fears of drawing blood to do malaria tests .
people suffering malaria fear being quarantined in ebola treatment centers and health centers not equipped to treat ebola are turning away patients with ebola-like symptoms , doctors said .
who figures from gueckedou show that of people coming in with fever in october , 24 percent who tested positive for ebola also tested positive for malaria , and 33 percent of those who did not have ebola tested positive for malaria — an indication of the great burden of malaria in guinea .
malaria killed one of 38 cuban doctors sent to guinea to help fight the ebola outbreak .
one private hospital had a kidney dialysis machine that could have saved his failing organ but the clinic was shut after several people died there of ebola .
the u.s. president’s malaria initiative ground to a halt in guinea months ago and the who in november advised health workers against testing for malaria unless they have protective gear .
the malaria initiative is doing a national survey of health facilities and elsewhere to try to find out “what’s actually happening here … where people with malaria are going , ” said nahlen , of the u.s. campaign .
there was some positive news in guinea — it had just completed a national mosquito net campaign against malaria when ebola struck , he said .
neighboring liberia , on the other hand , suspended the planned distribution of 2 million nets , said nahlen .
in sierra leone , the third country hard-hit by ebola , doctors without borders took unprecedented , pre-emptive action this month , distributing 1.5 million antimalarial drugs that can be used to both prevent and treat , aiming to protect people during the disease’s peak season .
robataille said the huge delivery of antimalarial drugs was “in proportion to the scale of the ebola epidemic — it’s massive.” “ ryot note you can be a part of bringing much needed relief to children made orphans by ebola .
operation blessing is delivering food and paying school tuition to hundreds of orphaned children in monrovia , liberia .
these are children who lost one or both parents to the ebola virus and are now living with extended family. let’s stand with these kids and make a difference. click in the action box now .
khan , a virologist credited with treating more than 100 ebola victims , became infected by the ebola virus , according to the statement released on july 22 , 2014 , by the president 's office .
reuters/umaru fofana shares more + a leading virologist who risked his own life to treat dozens of ebola patients died tuesday from the disease , officials said , as news emerged that another of the victims , 40-year-old liberian finance official patrick sawyer , who died friday , was an american citizen .
dr. sheik umar khan , who was praised as a national hero for treating the disease in sierra leone , was confirmed dead by health ministry officials there .
he had been hospitalized in quarantine .
health workers have been especially vulnerable to contracting ebola , which is spread through bodily fluids such as saliva , sweat , blood and urine .
two american health workers are currently hospitalized with ebola in neighboring liberia .
the ebola outbreak is the largest in history with deaths blamed on the disease not only in sierra leone and liberia , but also guinea and nigeria .
the disease has no vaccine and no specific treatment , with a fatality rate of at least 60 percent .
nearly 700 people have died in an ebola outbreak in west africa .
in a statement released tuesday , airline asky said it was temporarily halting flights to monrovia , liberia , and freetown , sierra leone .
flights will continue to the capital of the third major country where people have died - guinea - though passengers departing from there will be `` screened for signs of the virus .
sawyer , who worked for the west african nation 's finance ministry , flew from liberia to ghana , then on to togo and eventually to nigeria .
he reportedly began feeling ill on the last leg of his flight , and was immediately taken into quarantine when he landed in lagos , nigeria , where he remained until his death .
his sister had died of ebola , though he maintained he had not had close physical contact with her when she was sick .
at the time , liberian authorities said they had not been requiring health checks of departing passengers in monrovia .
the world health organization says the risk of airline passengers contracting ebola is considered low because it requires direct contact with bodily fluids or secretions such as urine , blood , sweat or saliva , experts say .
ebola ca n't be spread like flu through casual contact or breathing in the same air .
patients are contagious only once the disease has progressed to the point they show symptoms , according to the who .
the most vulnerable are health care workers and relatives who come in much closer contact with the sick .
possible 6,800 new ebola cases this month september 22 , 2014 image courtesy of niaid new research published this week in the online journal plos outbreaks predicts new ebola cases could reach 6,800 in west africa by the end of the month if new control measures are not enacted .
arizona state university and harvard university researchers also discovered through modelling analysis that the rate of rise in cases significantly increased in august in liberia and guinea , around the time that a mass quarantine was put in place , indicating that the mass quarantine efforts may have made the outbreak worse than it would have been otherwise .
deteriorating living and hygiene conditions in some of the quarantined areas sparked riots last month .
sierra leone began a three day country-wide quarantine today , where all citizens have been asked to stay at home , said sherry towers , research professor for the asu simon a. levin mathematical , computational and modelling sciences center ( mcmsc ) .
the study “temporal variations in the effective reproduction number of the 2014 west africa ebola outbreak , ” is authored by towers , oscar patterson-lomba of the harvard school of public health and carlos castillo-chavez , asu regent’s professor and mcmsc executive director .
researchers assessed whether or not attempted control efforts are effective in curbing the ongoing west african ebola outbreak that has spread over a large geographic area , causing thousands of infections and deaths .
because the outbreak has spread to densely populated areas , the risk of international spread is increased .
also compounding the problem is a lack of resources for effective quarantine and isolation in the under-developed countries that have been affected , and the high mobility of the population in a region with porous borders , according to the study .
this leaves improved hygiene , quarantine , isolation and social distancing as the only potential interventions , ” castillo-chavez said .
researchers examined the current outbreak data for guinea , sierra leone and liberia through statistical research methods up until sept. 8 , 2014 , as estimated by the world health organization .
the analysis examines the local rates of exponential rise to estimate how the reproduction number of cases appears to be changing over time .
calculations showed a range of 6,800 predicted new cases at the upper end of the spectrum and 4,400 on average .
what increases my risk for ebola ?
what increases my risk for ebola ?
a answers ( 2 ) a honor society of nursing ( stti ) answered the risk of being infected with ebola is very low for most people .
you are at risk only if you have traveled to an area where an outbreak is ongoing , had contact with a person infected with the ebola virus , or cared for someone who is infected .
a small number of accidental infections have occurred among people who handled infected animals in research settings. a centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) answered if you have traveled to an area with an ebola outbreak or had close contact with a person sick with ebola or showing ebola symptoms , you may be at risk if you : had direct contact with blood or body fluids or items that came into contact with blood or body fluids from a person with ebola .
touched bats or nonhuman primates ( like apes or monkeys ) or blood , fluids or raw meat prepared from these animals .
went into hospitals where ebola patients were being treated and had close contact with the patients .
touched the body of a person who died from ebola .
the presence of the cdc logo and cdc content on this page should not be construed to imply endorsement by the us government of any commercial products or services , or to replace the advice of a medical professional .
the mark “cdc” is licensed under authority of the phs .
pin it two days after a man in texas was diagnosed with ebola , dr. gil mobley , a missouri doctor , checked in and boarded a plane dressed in full protection gear thursday morning , oct. 2 , 2014 , at hartsfield-jackson atlanta international airport .
he was protesting what he called mismanagement of the crisis by the federal centers for disease control and prevention .
nbc news president deborah turness said thursday the rest of the nbc news crew including medical correspondent dr. nancy snyderman will be flown back to the u.s. and placed in quarantine for 21 days “in an abundance of caution.” the cameraman has been working in liberia for three years and covering the ebola epidemic .
he began shooting for the network tuesday .
he began feeling tired and achy wednesday and discovered he had a slight fever .
he went to a treatment center thursday to be tested .
turness says none of the other nbc employees has shown any symptoms or warning signs of ebola infection .
the deadliest ebola outbreak in history telegraph ebola vaccine testing .
the deadliest ebola outbreak in history telegraph .
the deadliest ebola outbreak in history telegraph .
the deadliest ebola outbreak in history telegraph .
the deadliest ebola outbreak in history telegraph .
the deadliest ebola outbreak in history telegraph .
the deadliest ebola outbreak in history telegraph .
the deadliest ebola outbreak in history telegraph .
the deadliest ebola outbreak in history telegraph .
the deadliest ebola outbreak in history telegraph .
the deadliest ebola outbreak in history telegraph .
the deadliest ebola outbreak in history telegraph .
the deadliest ebola outbreak in history telegraph .
the deadliest ebola outbreak in history telegraph .
the deadliest ebola outbreak in history telegraph .
science magazine : in liberia , disappointment at u.s. military’s planned ebola response posted on tim was heavily quoted in this article published today in science .
by jon cohen 10 september 2014 3:00 am when president barack obama spoke about the u.s. military helping combat the ebola epidemic on nbc news’s “meet the press” this past sunday , tim flanigan , an american clinician working in monrovia , liberia , says he was “ecstatic.” it was exactly what many of the people leading the ebola effort in liberia , the hardest hit country , had been hoping for .
but that joy turned to dismay the next day , when flanigan learned the details of the pentagon’s plans .
obama pledged “to get u.s. military assets just to set up , for example , isolation units and equipment there to provide security for public health workers surging from around the world.” on monday , a pentagon spokesperson said the military planned to send only a $ 22 million , 25-bed field hospital to monrovia , the capital .
ebola hits makeni & magburaka last updated : 30 july 2014 by alusine kargbo a patient suspected to be suffering from ebola was on sunday 20th july 2014 admitted in an isolation ward at the makeni government hospital .
from gbomsamba along the freetown- makeni high-way , the patient was vomiting blood and later diagnosed of high fever , symptoms of ebola .
the specimen was taken to kenema for further medical clarification but the patient unceremoniously left the hospital before the samples were confirmed .
however , in an exclusive interview with tejan bayoh , the hospital secretary , he categorically stated that the patient was confirmed of suffering from ebola .
the whereabouts of the patient were later traced and found in his village being attended to by a herbalist .
he maintained that the relatives of the patient were very aggressive and refuted medical reports that their son was suffering from ebola .
the patient finally died while those who had contact with him also refused to be tested but for the help of the sierra leone police they were .
tejan bayoh stated that the nurses who earlier contacted the deceased are under observation period for twenty one days .
the nursing association in makeni also held a sensitization meeting on how they should be very careful in treating ebola patients .
sallieu mohamed turay , district medical officer of the swiss sierra leone development foundation at the magbenteh hospital in makeni talked of how the state has failed miserably in tackling ebola .
according to him , there was complete lack of coordination since the outbreak started in kailahun and lamented the recklessness of some medical practitioners who fail to come to the ground to do their job .
he said instead of engaging themselves in holding meetings , workshops endlessly and writing good reports .
the dmo continued that the management of the magbenteh hospital has put in place emergency measures by screening suspected cases and as well separate those suspected from others for safety .
he said he also has problems with the primary health care accusing them of being very slow in their response complaining of inadequate logistics all the time .
he also complained of lack of support from the government even when most patients go to the hospital for medical attention .
dr. jimissa , district medical officer at the magburaka government hospital , tonkolili district confirmed two cases of ebola one of which he said was a medical personnel in training ( paramedical ) attached at the macauley street hospital in freetown but a native of magburaka .
he said the student upon returning reported of illness and was admitted at the magburaka government hospital where he was tested positive of ebola and rushed to kenema for further medication .
the second confirmed case died on 28th july , 2014 at the magburaka government hospital which led to nearly all the patients deserting the hospital including nurses .
nigerian bulletin - trending news & updates this site uses cookies .
by continuing to use this site , you are agreeing to our use of cookies .
africa guinea arrests 22 for killing ebola awareness team in cold blood lequte senior member guinea 's justice minister cheick sacko said 22 suspects had been arrested in connection with last week 's killing of eight government officials .
the eight officials were involved in sensitisation of the public against ebola virus disease in the southeast region of wome .
they had earlier gone missing but their bodies were found later in the day .
he said that those arrested included labile haba , a 30-year-old hawker , who was believed to be the head of the operation .
sacko said other suspects include two residents of wome who had tried to flee to cote d'ivoire , as well as their two colleagues arrested in the town of gueckedou in guinea 's southern region .
the justice minister said the suspects , who were arrested a day after the killing of the eight officials , had been questioned by investigators .
signs and symptoms of ebola ebola home page 10 out of 10 based on 1000 ratings .
signs and symptoms of ebola ebola home page symptoms of ebola include .
fever ; severe headache ; muscle pain ; weakness ; fatigue ; diarrhea ; vomiting ; abdominal ( stomach ) pain ; unexplained hemorrhage ( bleeding or ... home > medical > infectious diseases > ebola ; updated 31 july 2014 signs and symptoms of ebola here 's what to look out for in people suspected of being ... description of headache along with causes and examples of medications for headache .
pinpoint your symptoms and signs with medicinenet 's symptom checker.just hours after the first ebola patient diagnosed in the u.s. died of the viral disease , another texas city said it is investigating a second possible case.symptom checker : symptoms & signs index .
medical author : melissa conrad stöppler , md .
ebola virus is one of a group of viruses that cause a hemorrhagic fever syndrome.what is dementia ?
dementia is not a single disease in itself , but a general term to describe symptoms such as impairments to memory , communication and thinking .
1introduction to addiction , including what are the signs and symptoms of addiction ? the symptoms of aids are primarily the result of conditions that do not normally develop in individuals with healthy immune systems .
most of these ... signs and symptoms symptoms may appear anywhere from 2 to 21 days after exposure to ebolavirus ... in cases of ebola , symptoms typically begin within about four to six days of being infected .
common signs include such things as fever , sore throat , vomiting , and ...
u.s. health official on ebola response : 'it was rocky ' ebola containment efforts continue in dallas a hazardous-materials crew arrived friday at a texas apartment where the u.s. ebola patient stayed to collect bed sheets and towels used by the infected man before he was hospitalized .
a hazardous-materials crew arrived friday at a texas apartment where the u.s. ebola patient stayed to collect bed sheets and towels used by the infected man before he was hospitalized .
by reuters a private contractor has begun cleaning the dallas apartment where a man with ebola was staying nbc news freelance cameraman who contracted ebola `` is scared and worried , '' father says pentagon says as many as 4,000 u.s. troops could be deployed to west africa in response to ebola crisis u.s. officials on friday broadly defended the response to the country 's first case of ebola , although one acknowledged that while the government was confident of containing the virus , it had been `` rocky '' in dallas where the patient is in serious condition .
health officials in dallas charged with checking the spread of ebola have narrowed their focus to about 50 people who had direct or indirect contact with an infected liberian visitor , including 10 at high risk who are being checked twice daily for symptoms .
the ebola story in america — about that single case in texas — is properly told at a calm and rational distance .
fauci said although it `` may be entirely conceivable '' that there would be another ebola case in the united states , the strength of the healthcare infrastructure `` would make it extraordinarily unlikely that we would have an outbreak .
the world health organization on friday updated its death toll to at least 3,439 out of 7,492 suspected , probable and confirmed cases .
the epidemic has hit hardest in impoverished liberia , sierra leone and guinea .
at friday 's news conference , white house adviser lisa monaco was asked whether she would recommend to president barack obama that he impose a travel ban on west africa , as some public officials have called for .
u.s. senator lamar alexander , a republican from tennessee , urged obama to order u.s. airports to screen travelers coming from ebola-hit countries .
as part of the u.s. effort to help contain the spread of ebola , the pentagon on friday said the number of military personnel that could be deployed to west africa could reach nearly 4,000 , more than earlier estimates of about 3,000 .
decontaminating apartment a cleanup crew was decontaminating the dallas apartment where duncan had been staying before he was admitted to the hospital five days ago .
four people close to duncan who were quarantined in the apartment in a northeastern section of the city have been moved to an undisclosed location , said sana syed , the public information officer for the city of dallas. the handling of the dallas case in the early stages of duncan 's illness has raised questions about how prepared local and national health officials were to handle that case and whether people were unnecessarily exposed .
0 out of 100 people who had direct or indirect contact with duncan , health officials are monitoring 50 on a daily basis and closely watching 10 people at higher risk , said dr. david lakey , commissioner of the texas department of state health services .
the observations include fever checks at least twice daily .
ebola , which can cause fever , vomiting and diarrhea , spreads through contact with bodily fluids such as blood or saliva .
sheets and other items used by the man in the apartment have been sealed in plastic bags , but questions have been raised about the delay in sanitizing it .
a crew from the cleaning guys , a hazardous materials cleanup company , garbed in yellow hazardous material suits and masks , went inside the apartment and packed the soiled sheets , duncan 's luggage and other personal items into blue barrels , the county fire marshal said .
the mattress was being cut into pieces to fit into the barrels .
another official said the cleaners would take the containers to a secure location .
since duncan 's diagnosis , people have visited hospitals in a few states and were checked for ebola symptoms .
on friday , howard university hospital in washington said it admitted and isolated a patient with possible symptoms who had recently traveled from nigeria `` in an abundance of caution .
in congress , u.s. house appropriations committee chairman hal rogers , a republican , and ranking democrat nita lowey set an oct. 17 deadline for the obama administration to provide details of its plan to deal with the outbreak , including how each agency is contributing and monthly costs. the critical issue of how hospitals in the united states should handle and dispose of medical waste from ebola patients is being addressed , the government said .
the u.s. department of transportation said it expected to release new guidelines on friday that would allow texas hospitals to dispose safely of ebola-infected medical wastes. nbc news said on thursday that one of its freelance cameramen , ashoka mukpo , 33 , had contracted ebola in liberia , the fifth american to be diagnosed after being infected in west africa .
nbc has said the entire reporting crew would return to the united states under quarantine for 21 days , the maximum incubation period for ebola .
the nebraska medical center in omaha said in a statement that an ebola patient was scheduled to arrive for treatment on monday morning .
mukpo 's father , mitchell levy , told reuters his son was going to nebraska for treatment .
8 ebola treatment centers have demonstrated that they have the appropriate staff , equipment and resources to provide long-term care to ebola patients , pennsylvania secretary of health michael wolf said .
lvh-muhlenberg , part of lehigh valley health network , joins `` an elite list of hospitals that can provide this level of care while minimizing risk to health-care workers and the public , '' he said .
the cdc is working with state health departments to identify hospitals with the capabilities of treating ebola patients , the state health department said in a news release .
officials from the agencies visited lvh-muhlenberg and made their evaluation on their own initiative , said terry burger , lvhn 's director of infection control and prevention .
0 `` we welcomed them , '' she said .
as of last wednesday , 46 hospitals in the united states have been designated ebola treatment centers , allowing them to supplement the national bio-containment facilities at emory university hospital , nebraska medical center and the national institutes of health , which will continue to take the lead role in treating ebola patients medically evacuated from overseas .
according to the release , more facilities are being added in other states to `` broaden geographic reach .
so far , at least 8,153 people have died in an ongoing ebola outbreak in west africa , the world health organization reported monday .
that includes 2,915 deaths in sierra leone , 3,471 in liberia and 1,767 in guinea , the three most affected countries .
the current outbreak , which began about a year ago , has also claimed more than a dozen lives elsewhere .
according to the geneva-based united nations health agency , sierra leone , liberia and guinea have had 20,656 cases , with a mortality rate of 39 percent .
there are no ebola patients being treated now in pennsylvania hospitals , though a handful of patients were treated in this country last year , including one in dallas who transmitted the disease to two nurses .
one of the nurses then traveled out of state before showing symptoms , spreading widespread fear .
preparing for ebola `` is the right thing to do to care for our patients , our community , '' she said .
lvh-muhlenberg completed construction of a special containment unit for ebola and other highly infectious diseases about a month ago .
the ebola unit , part of a larger overflow unit in use , includes rooms with two beds designated for potential ebola patients .
the rooms have `` negative pressure , '' meaning air is drawn from the corridor and , after filtration , exhausted outside .
they have been equipped with a stockpile of ebola-specific supplies , such as protective attire , and each is adjoined by an antechamber where staff can safely take off that gear .
they also include a fully functioning point-of-care laboratory to analyze blood specimens .
the ebola unit cost lvh-muhlenberg about $ 800,000 , according to jim geiger , the hospital 's senior vice president of operations .
burger noted that lvh-muhlenberg is situated within a relatively short drive from major international airports in new york , new jersey and philadelphia , all of which receive travelers from west africa .
the hospital already has handled several `` near misses , '' or patients who were initially suspected of having ebola but were cleared after further evaluation , she said .
as an officially designated ebola treatment center , lvh-muhlenberg may receive ebola patients from other area hospitals that are not fully prepared for prolonged care , according to burger .
the decision to transfer such patients would be made by the state health department .
ebola patient in texas caption thomas eric duncan this still image from video shows thomas eric duncan , the first person diagnosed with the ebola virus in the united states .
duncan died on wednesday at a dallas hospital .
duncan died on wednesday at a dallas hospital .
the first person diagnosed with ebola in the united states , thomas eric duncan , died on october 8 , 2014 at the texas health presbyterian hospital , a hospital spokesman said .
a general view of texas health presbyterian hospital in dallas , texas october 1 , 2014 .
at right is duncan 's nephew josephus weeks .
nowai korkoyah , the mother of thomas eric duncan , the first patient diagnosed with ebola on u.s. soil , walks with reverend jesse jackson in dallas october 7 , 2014 .
at right is duncan 's nephew josephus weeks .
a hazardous materials cleanup trailer enters the apartment complex in dallas , texas october 3 , 2014 where a liberian man with ebola stayed .
recommend ( 0 ) ebola going endemic .
what solutions are emerging to deal with this ?
by deborah wilson | 21 feb , 2015 i worked in a 120-bed etu when in liberia in september 2014 .
it has been my yearning since i have returned to find solutions to help communities to deal with outbreaks in their own town/village .
does anyone know what is happening at this point ?
i have only heard vague things like `` education '' , `` providing care packages for health clinics '' .
i have seen a team of people who are working on a `` reverse ppe '' idea , the boy in the bubble type idea that can be transported on motorbikes to remote villages where an outbreak occurs .
could something like this work ?
what other solutions are on offer ? .
is there anyone on the ground working with the local staff who worked with msf or pih etc when the outbreak was in full swing ?
colloidal silver : natural treatment for ebola ?
as it turns out , the drug industry has had ebola vaccines in the pipeline for years , but it has been waiting for just the right time to release them for maximum profits , unveiling just a little bit more about the true agenda behind all the current ebola fear-mongering .
nearly a decade ago , researchers from canada and the u.s. collaborated on the development of a vaccine for ebola , which they tested on monkeys .
based on these tests , the vaccine was found to be 100 percent effective , and the results were published in the well respected journal nature medicine .
it was assumed at the time that the vaccine would be released commercially to stop the disease’s spread in places like west africa — but it wasn’t .
the reason is that there was no profit to be made in releasing the vaccine at that time .
instead , big pharma decided to shelve the project until a later date when demand for the vaccine was higher , and more money could be made .
with this time quickly approaching — roughly 5,000 people have died from ebola in west africa , and several american nurses have also contracted the disease — the vaccine is only just now being tested on humans .
geisbert helped in the development of the ebola vaccine .
it takes a crisis sometimes to get people talking .
we’ve got to do something here .
'” millions of ebola vaccines to be made commercially available in 2015 well , the convenient crisis is now here , and mass-production of ebola vaccines will soon be here .
the world health organization ( who ) says hundreds of thousands of ebola vaccines will be available for public consumption by mid-2015 , and lightning-speed human trials have already begun in preparation for their launch .
experimental vaccines are already being given to health workers in liberia , with those in sierra leone next on the list .
the trial is claimed to be double-blind and placebo-controlled , but those in the placebo group will be receiving vaccines for other diseases such as measles .
neither the participants nor the doctors will know who is receiving which vaccines .
get ebola news updates in your email email address
published : sep 21 , 2014 11:45am updated : sep 21 , 2014 11:45am sierra leone ebola burial team attacked despite lockdown ( video ) an empty street is seen at the start of a three-day national lockdown in freetown .
— reuters pic freetown , sept 21 , 2014 : a team burying ebola victims was attacked in sierra leone’s capital on saturday , a member of parliament said , as a small group defied a three-day lockdown aimed at halting the worst outbreak of the disease on record .
in one of the most extreme measures since the epidemic began , sierra leone has ordered its population of 6 million to stay indoors as volunteers circulate to educate residents about the disease as well as isolate the sick and remove the dead .
residents have mostly complied with the measures announced by president ernest bai koroma earlier this week .
on the second day of the lockdown , the streets were mostly deserted , except for ambulances and police vehicles .
the attack on the burial team on saturday occurred in the village of matainkay , some three miles from the waterloo district of freetown .
claude kamanda , mp for the waterloo district , said that armed policemen accompanying the burial team quickly arrived , causing the attackers to flee .
the police local unit commander in the area , superintendent mustapha kamara said he sent reinforcement to the village “after some youths attempted to disrupt the burial” .
he said that he has now instructed that the burial team must inform them to provide a stronger presence .
ebola has infected at least 5,357 people in west africa this year , mainly in sierra leone , guinea and liberia , killing 2,630 of those , according to the world health organisation .
more than 562 people have died in sierra leone .
neighbouring liberia had put in place temporary community quarantine measures and curfews last month , but lifted them after street protests .
some have criticised sierra leone’s lockdown measures , warning of food shortages and saying it might cause people to go to extra lengths to conceal highly contagious bodies .
but volunteers said they were bombarded with calls on an ebola hotline over the last two days , receiving hundreds of requests for help .
stephen gaojia , head of an emergency services operation , said the ability of his teams to respond to the calls was limited by shortages of staffing and equipment .
the leader of the united democratic movement party , mohamed bangura , told reuters that his team buried 11 ebola victims on saturday .
the outbreak of the hemorrhagic fever is the worst since it was identified in 1976 in the forests of central africa .
the first victim of the current epidemic is thought to have caught the disease from a fruit bat in the forests of guinea last december .
western nations , led by the united states , have pledged in recent days to ramp up their aid efforts , and the united nations said it would begin deploying an advanced team of its special mission to a regional headquarters in ghana by monday .
a chartered 747 jet , carrying the largest single shipment of aid , including protective gear and medications , to the ebola zone to date and coordinated by the clinton global initiative and other us aid organizations , departed new york’s john f. kennedy international airport on saturday afternoon bound for west africa .
former president bill clinton praised new efforts from the united states , britain , france and other countries to fight the epidemic .
volunteers and healthcare workers are often viewed with suspicion by locals who blame them for infecting the communities they are meant to be healing , slowing the ability of authorities to contain the disease .
friday kiyee , head of a monrovia ebola burial team , said that earlier this week locals placed a roadblock to prevent the collection of the decomposing body of a 29-year-old victim .
we don’t expect for our own brothers to behave this way , ” she said .
ebola scare : doctors turn off emergency lines print this doctors tasked to give information on the deadly ebola virus have switched off emergency lines , complaining they receive too many “unnecessary” calls , an officer of the ministry of health has disclosed .
according to the doctors , they have other things doing , the officer told tv3’s portia gabor on thursday , august 21 .
tony goodman , the head of public affairs at the ministry of health , indicated that new personnel , as a result , are being sought to man the emergency lines .
anytime , i have to receive calls , ” mr goodman stated .
the lines were made available to help in educating the public on the ebola virus .
the outbreak of the disease in west africa has been the deadliest since 1976 , when it was first recorded in africa .
so far , over 1,200 lives have been lost with guinea , liberia and sierra leone being the hardest hit .
government of ghana has intensified prevention measures over the past couple of months .
an inter-ministerial team under the chairmanship of the health minister was set up to oversee government 's efforts at preventing an outbreak of the disease in the country .
as part of measures adopted by the inter-ministerial team , three emergency lines were made available .
according to mr goodman , only 0299009949 is working .
meanwhile , checks by tv3 have revealed that most ghanaians have little knowledge about the emergency lines with most of them advising short codes are used instead .
but mr goodman insists the numbers are easy to memorize .
other emergency lines to be contacted in case of any person showing symptoms of the disease are 0299100157 , 02991000574 and 0299100807 .
chimps and gorillas desperately need an ebola vaccine too by medianewstrends · january 24 , 2015 there is a side to the ebola crisis that , perhaps understandably , has received little media attention : the threat it poses to our nearest cousins , the great apes of africa .
at this moment in time ebola is the single greatest threat to the survival of gorillas and chimpanzees .
the virus is even more deadly for other great apes as it is for humans , with mortality rates approximately 95 % for gorillas and 77 % for chimpanzees ( pan troglodytes ) current estimates suggest a third of the world’s gorillas and chimpanzees have died from ebola since the 1990s .
as with humans , these deaths tend to come in epidemics .
in 1995 , an outbreak is reported to have killed more than 90 % of the gorillas in minkébé park in northern gabon .
in 2002-2003 a single outbreak of zebov ( the zaire strain of ebola ) in the democratic republic of congo killed an estimated 5,000 western gorillas ( gorilla gorilla ) .
it’s hard to accurately count such elusive creatures but the wwf estimates there are up to 100,000 left in the wild — so a single ebola outbreak wiped out a considerable chunk of the world’s gorilla population .
rwanda no longer screening americans for ebola 10/23/14 03:23 pm by ned resnikoff just days after rwanda’s ministry of health announced it would be screening all visitors from the united states and spain for ebola , the country’s government has reversed course .
both rwandan president paul kagame and health minister agnes binagwaho announced the termination of the policy wednesday on their respective twitter accounts , with binagwaho taking sole responsibility for the initial proposal .
the moh # rwanda is removing special screening of travelers from us & spain .
related : $ 100 million donated to help stop ebola crisis rwanda probably doesn’t have much to worry about when it comes to ebola .
the small country in east africa is located more than 2,500 miles from the center of the epidemic , and it has not yet had a single confirmed case of the virus .
yet the country also isn’t known to take any chances when it comes to health risks .
kagame – a powerful figure in rwanda since the 1994 genocide – has made improving health outcomes a key objective for his domestic policy .
in 2000 , shortly after he became president , kagame unveiled the national “vision 2020” policy initiative , a suite of major reforms intended to make the still genocide-scarred rwanda into a stable and relatively prosperous country .
among other things , that meant expanding health care .
the country now has universal health insurance , and it has managed to bring its life expectancy up significantly higher than even its pre-genocide peak .
but there’s another side to the kagame administration .
the president’s ruthless policies and expansive security state have led the new york times to label him as “ the global elite’s favorite strongman .
” kagame has , for example , a habit of shunting unwanted members of society off to a so-called “rehabilitation center” on an island in lake kivu .
while the government says that stays on the island are voluntary , rwandans sometimes quietly refer to it as their “alcatraz” or “guantanamo.” kagame , who led a guerilla war against rwanda’s prior regime , is also alleged to have had dissidents assassinated .
related : ebola aid groups worry about roadblocks the recently rejected ebola screenings policy may first seem in character , given kagame’s reputation for maintaining tight security , and his focus on keep the country clean and healthy .
yet kagame tweeted on thursday that he had nothing to do with it , and even teasingly scolded his health minister , saying that she sometimes acts first and thinks later .
….she has sometimes acted first n thought later…it should be the other way round !
ebola , our common enemy… .
published : wednesday , 17 september 2014 14:35 written by josiah f. joekai , jr. oh ebola , you are a seed of discord , you blamelessly kill the rich and the poor , tearing families and nations apart , breaking relationships and breeding animosity , you have no borderlines .
in your covertness , you are strongly rejected , ebola , you are our common enemy !
maintaining your agenda of backwardness , you disrupt and undermine progress , destroying economies and solidarities , ebola , you have no conscience .
in your silent brutality , you inflict pain and sufferings , oh ebola , this cruelty must stop !
the final battle lines are drawn , you now face a whole nation , a united army ready for battle .
firm with a common purpose , to pursue and destroy your existence , courageous and determined , ebola , the battle is irreversible !
mobile phone : 0776-258-265 email : this email address is being protected from spambots .
you need javascript enabled to view it .
website : post comment as a guest name ( required ) :
ebola toll climbs , fuelled by spread in sierra leone , says who thursday , 11 december 2014 - 8:58am ist | place : sierra leone | agency : reuters 7 comments the toll in the ebola epidemic has risen to 6,388 deaths out of 17,942 cases as of december 7 , its spread fuelled principally by new infections in sierra leone , the world health organization ( who ) said on wednesday .
sierra leone , a former british colony , reported 397 new confirmed cases in the week to dec. 7 , three times the combined total in the other two centres of the disease , guinea and liberia , the un health agency said in its latest update. guinea , liberia and sierra leone continue to account for all but 15 deaths in the world 's worst ebola outbreak .
while sierra leone has overtaken liberia in terms of numbers of cases - 7,897 against 7,719 - it has reported only 1,768 deaths against 3,177 , according to who figures .
dr. abu bakarr fofanah , sierra leone 's minister of health and sanitation , attended a who meeting on ebola in geneva on wednesday .
they can use either dna or rna as their genetic material .
can viral infections be cured with antibiotics ?
can go to 50 ft. long rabies .
dogs , cats , rats .
according to the frontline documentary , of those that contract ebola , how many die ?
what kind of interesting facts did you learn from reading “the hot zone” ?
healthedkennedy.wikispaces.com/file/view/ebola extra credit ... how biometrics could help smartphones predict the next ebola outbreak : ...
consider these interesting facts , and partial list of events : ... www.prophecyupdate.com/uploads/2/0/8/4/20844754/pu031715.docx ebola .
respiratory illness ( asthma , lung cancer , other infections ) ... are there any other interesting facts on disease ?
presentation should include ; fc.dekalb.k12.ga.us/~mary_s_moore/fov1-00214c56/fov1-003a99f4/ ... why is it interesting to you ?
the research paper will first introduce the topic of ebola transmission and provide facts concerning infected regions , ... www.homeworkmarket.com/sites/default/files/q4/24/07/commentary ...
us ebola patient in critical condition by nbc news an american being treated for ebola at the national institutes of health outside washington , d.c. is now in critical condition , the nih said monday .
ebola : la française contaminée a été rapatriée santé ebola : la française contaminée a été rapatriée europe 1fabienne cosnay et raphaël maillochon publié à 07h50 , le 19 septembre 2014 , modifié à 11h13 , le 19 septembre 2014 dossiers : par fabienne cosnay et raphaël maillochon 0 0 0 arrivée dans la nuit de jeudi à vendredi en france , la patiente a été prise en charge à l'hôpital bégin , à saint-mandé .
la première française contaminée par le virus ebola a été rapatriée dans la nuit de jeudi à vendredi en france .
l'avion médicalisé qui ramenait cette volontaire de médecins sans frontières du liberia , s'est posé sur l'aéroport militaire de villacoublay .
l'ambulance escortée de quatre motards et plusieurs véhicules a ensuite rejoint l'hôpital militaire bégin à saint-mandé , qui fait partie des neuf établissements référents capables de recevoir un patient atteint du virus ebola .
dès son arrivée à l'hôpital , la jeune infirmière de médecins sans frontières ( msf ) a commencé à recevoir des traitements expérimentaux .
la patiente `` est actuellement installée dans une chambre de confinement '' et un personnel dédié lui est affecté , a précisé la ministre de la santé marisol touraine , qui s'est rendu sur place , vendredi matin , sans pour autant voir la malade qui dormait .
marisol touraine devrait s'entretenir au téléphone dans la journée avec la patiente .
la ministre de la santé @ marisoltouraine est restée moins de 30mn à l'hôpital où est soignée la française infectée du virus # ebola 1/2
i can only imagine the sky that morning , that friday some 2000 years ago .
red , blood red , ... ( matthew 18:2 nkjv ) ... 74499.inspyred.com/images/matthew_master_15-28.doc click here for a graphic ... timor-leste social services are planning a reconciliation meeting between the juvenile and the families of the victims , ... such as ebola .
www.unep.org/cpi/briefs/brief3dec.doc towards a rearticulation of women-as-victims : a thematic analysis of the construction of women’s identities in surrounding gendered violence .
292. www.africanafrican.com/folder12/african % 20african % 20american/ ...
satisfacción total garantizada uh oh ... unknown 0 can’t display all the features of our site .
may we suggest an alternative browser ?
because you won’t want to miss out on all this goodness .
el virus de ebola camiseta pre ordenar ¡reserva hoy !
tu diseño se fabricará y se enviará en cuanto nuestros fabricantes estén listos para comenzar su producción .
sobre este producto estilo : camiseta oscura básica nuestra camiseta gruesa y de color oscuro es cómoda , informal y suelta ; pronto se convertirá en una de tus favoritas .
esta camiseta , confeccionada con 100 % algodón , le queda bien a todo el mundo .
la costura doble en los bordes y las mangas hará que dure aún más .
personaliza uno de nuestros diseños o crea el tuyo propio .
talla y estilo altura del modelo : 1,88 m. lleva la talla mediana .
se ajusta a la talla .
material y cuidados etiqueta impresa para mayor comodidad .
borde inferior y mangas de costura doble .
lavable a máquina en frío .
ebola response anthropology platform anthropology & ebola clinical research the working group on clinial trials coordinated by the ebola response anthropology platform has produced a working document which considers the clinical trials that are planned as part of the ebola outbreak response from a sociological and anthropological perspective .
the document develops a series of critical and empirical questions to guide research that should be conducted within , alongside or separate from clinical interventions .
the document goes on to consider questions specific to vaccine , therapeutic and convalescent blood and plasma trials .
read anthropology & ebola clinical research .
identifying and enrolling survivors to donate blood survivors are rapidly becoming a strategic population for the ebola outbreak response .
the public health potential of this group appear to be manifold—from safe burials and the care for orphan children to community outreach and the donation of blood for clinical trials .
there are a number of stories emerging from the field of survivors who refuse to leave ebola treatment units , offering their support in caring for new patients .
data regarding the status and experience of survivors is somewhat thin , although anthropological experience of the continue reading →
o'reilly on 'today ' : obama administration 'blew it ' on ebola response by kyle drennen | october 22 , 2014 | 12:19 pm edt 0 shares on wednesday , today co-host matt lauer began an interview with bill o'reilly by citing liberal new york times columnist frank bruni actually criticizing the obama administration 's handling of the ebola crisis : `` one dimension of the disease 's toll is clear .
it 's ravaging americans ' already tenuous faith in the competence of our government and its bureaucracies .
blew it , blew it , blew it !
nobody from west africa comes into the united states ?
you have to basically have deny visas to all people who do n't have to be here until we get organized .
because we 're not organized now .
and says , 'ebola is his presidency in a petri dish .
right now in this country there 's a crisis of confidence and competence ... ' '' o'reilly observed : `` listen , i do n't blame president obama for the ebola chaos .
i do blame [ cdc director tom ] frieden , he should have been removed a long time ago ... .the president should have picked up the phone and said put him on vacation , get somebody else in there .
but the president does n't do that .
and that is the leadership factor .
frank bruni wrote something interesting in the new york times over the weekend .
he said , `` we have no clue at this point how far ebola could spread in the united states – and no reason for panic .
but one dimension of the disease 's toll is clear .
it 's ravaging americans ' already tenuous faith in the competence of our government and its bureaucracies .
it 's a very perceptive thing he wrote .
ebola 's not going to break out to be the andromeda strain .
it 's not going to be a big epidemic in america .
there 's just not the access that americans have to this disease .
one or two cases will pop up .
but the fear is very , very disturbing to me .
people should be more rational .
that being said , they should be angry at their government , because they blew it !
blew it , blew it , blew it !
lauer : would you curtail flights from west africa if you were president ?
o'reilly : of course i would .
lauer : shut it down ?
nobody from west africa comes into the united states ?
you have to basically have deny visas to all people who do n't have to be here until we get organized .
because we 're not organized now .
lauer : you say the government blew it , blew it , blew it .
lauer : bruni goes further , and connects the ebola dots to the president .
and says , `` ebola is his presidency in a petri dish .
right now in this country there 's a crisis of confidence and competence , and that is the fertile ground in which the ebola terror flowers .
that 's the backdrop for whatever steps obama and [ cdc director tom ] frieden take from here .
with the right ones , they can go a long way toward calming people who are anxious not just about ebola , but about america .
i do n't even want to think about the wrong ones .
i do blame frieden , he should have been removed a long time ago .
he 's not up to the task .
when you ca n't explain how you get ebola on a bus – which frieden ca n't .
he says , `` you know what ?
if you go on the bus with ebola , you ca n't give it to anybody .
however , if you 're sitting next to somebody with ebola and they sneeze on you , you can get it .
that 's what the man said .
as soon as he said that , the president should have picked up the phone and said put him on vacation , get somebody else in there .
but the president does n't do that .
and that is the leadership factor .
you are using an older browser version .
please use a supported version for the best msn experience .
cdc technician may have been exposed to ebola due to lab error : ny times reuters 12/24/2014 a technician at the atlanta-based centers for disease control and prevention may have been exposed to the deadly ebola virus due to a laboratory error , the new york times reported on wednesday , citing federal officials .
the worker will be monitored for signs of infection for 21 days , the disease 's incubation period , and a group of fewer than 12 other employees who entered the lab where the mistake happened will also be assessed for exposure , the newspaper said .
the mistake , which occurred on monday and was discovered on tuesday , involved sending ebola samples that had not been inactivated to another lab down the hall .
the technician who worked with the samples wore gloves and a gown but not a mask , the times said .
the error follows cases of the mishandling of dangerous samples of anthrax and influenza at the cdc in june , calling into question safety practices at the highly respected research institute .
representatives of the cdc were not immediately available for comment .
breaking news and opinion from the online edition of britain 's leading catholic newspaper tue , 17 mar 2015 16:40:50 +0000 en-us 1 http : //wordpress.org/ ? v=4.0.1 the catholic herald is one of the uk 's leading catholic content providers – both online and in print .
army general takes command of ebola response operation dod news , defense media activity washington , oct. 26 , 2014  army maj. gen. gary volesky , 101st airborne division commander , yesterday in monrovia , liberia , assumed command of joint forces command – operation united assistance and the fight against ebola in west africa .
maj. gen. gary j. volesky , commander of the 101st airborne division , and sgt .
maj. kirk hines , acting command sgt .
maj. of the 101st in liberia , uncase their colors during the transfer of authority ceremony and assume command of joint forces command operation united assistance in monrovia , liberia , oct 25 .
these labs can now provide 24-hour turn-around results , and are capable of processing up to 100 samples from clinics and healthcare providers each day .
the 25-bed hospital in monrovia should be fully operational in the first week of november once the construction of the supporting facilities is complete , kirby noted .
upon completion , the hospital will be staffed by u.s. department of health and human services personnel .
in addition , the construction of the first ebola treatment unit at tubmanburg , liberia , is nearing final completion .
the construction on the second etu should finish around the beginning of november and a third soon after .
in dakar , senegal , dod personnel are establishing an intermediate staging base and transport hub .
this week , the m/v vega , a contracted vessel , arrived in the region to deliver some 700 containers of support equipment for u.s. efforts .
in total , approximately 700 u.s. service members are now deployed to west africa , including nearly 600 in liberia and 100 in senegal .
over the coming weeks , that could grow to upwards of 3,900 personnel .
kirby said defense secretary chuck hagel “appreciates the dedication of these service members to help fight ebola at its source .
the department of defense will continue to support the whole-of-government response , led by usaid , in this effort.”
doctors : forget ebola , fear the flu - new york news member center : doctors : forget ebola , fear the flu posted : doctors : forget ebola , fear the flu more > > ebola town hall for little liberia updated : friday , october 17 2014 10:55 pm edt2014-10-18 02:55:50 gmt new york city 's health commissioner tried to ease fears and concerns about ebola in staten island 's liberian community on friday evening .
dr. mary travis bassett , the commissioner , said she is confident that the city 's hospitals and health officials can respond to any ebola cases and that there will be `` no widespread ebola outbreak in this city .
dr. mary travis bassett , the commissioner , said she is confident that the city 's hospitals and health officials can respond to any ebola cases and that there will be `` no widespread ebola outbreak in this city .
but you have a good chance of catching the flu or a common cold .
in fact , some 30,000 americans die from influenza or flu-related complication every year , says dr. cathleen london .
the flu hits you like a mack truck , she says .
you get high fever and respiratory symptoms .
so what if you think those flu-like symptoms might somehow be ebola ?
dr. london says unless you came into contact with the body fluids -- urine , feces , blood , vomit -- of someone with ebola , it 's not ebola .
a nasty virus is indeed spreading across the country at the moment .
schools in new jersey and on long island were disinfected this week because of that bug .
symptoms include high fever and severe respiratory problems .
it hits children especially hard .
still , ebola seems to be the nation 's obsession right now because it is a scary deadly illness with no cure .
dr. jeff gardere , a professor of psychology at touro college , says people seem to feel an `` unreasonable '' amount of fear given what the actual risk is .
he says if you are feeling sick , do n't panic .
instead , call your doctor .
new animal research suggests why ebola becomes more deadly as it spreads .
new animal research suggests why ebola becomes more deadly as it spreads .
an ebola outbreak either bordering or a nation away from the two countries that produce as much as 75 percent of the world 's cacao beans may change the makeup of a cadbury egg in the united kingdom .
the scottish government says the patient flew to glasgow via casablanca and london 's heathrow airport , arriving late sunday .
the health care worker was admitted to a hospital on monday morning .
scottish authorities say a health care worker who has just returned from sierra leone has been diagnosed with ebola and is being treated in a glasgow hospital .
the scottish government says the patient flew to glasgow via casablanca and london 's heathrow airport , arriving late sunday .
the health care worker was admitted to a hospital on monday morning .
un warns 1 million people could be hungry by march due to ebola source : thomson reuters foundation - wed , 17 dec 2014 15:41 gmt author : chris arsenault protective suits are left to dry after an ebola training session in madrid october 29 , 2014 .
reuters/susana vera by chris arsenault rome , dec 17 ( thomson reuters foundation ) - half a million people in three west african nations rocked by ebola are going hungry and that number could double by march if food supplies do not improve , two united nations agencies warned on wednesday .
in guinea , liberia and sierra leone , the countries at the heart of the worst recorded outbreak of ebola , workers have been staying away from markets and fields for fear of spreading the virus that has killed more than 6,800 people since march .
this fear has caused labour shortages on farms for planting and weeding and cut household incomes , compounding an economic slowdown in these three countries .
border closures and quarantines are disrupting supply chains , hindering market access and exacerbating shortages , raising fears that one million people from a combined population of 20 million could be going hungry by march .
the fao said more food needs to be imported into these countries which are facing a financial crunch because exports have dropped and recommended cash transfers or vouchers for affected people to buy food and help stimulate markets .
denise brown , a relief coordinator for the world food programme , said the situation regarding food supplies could get worse before improvements are seen from international efforts .
in guinea , 230,000 people are estimated to be facing severe food shortages because of the impact of ebola .
by march 2015 , the number is expected to rise to more than 470,000 .
nearly 300,000 liberians are expected to face severe food problems by march , up from 170,000 today .
the drop in absolute food production across the three states in 2014 compared to the previous year has been relatively modest with an 8 percent drop in liberia , 3 percent in guinea and 5 percent fall in sierra leone .
the world food programme has provided aid to more than two million people in these three countries and un agencies have asked for more funding from donors for 2015 .
if you see a comment that you believe is irrelevant or inappropriate , you can flag it to our editors by using the report abuse links .
views expressed in the comments do not represent those of the thomson reuters foundation .
for more information see our acceptable use policy .
compassion and mercy associates september 19 , 2014 | sarah baker for immediate release : colorado springs , colo. — rev .
moise mamy and seven others in an ebola education delegation were killed by villagers in southern guinea on september 16 or 17 , 2014 .
government officials and news reporters were among those who died .
mamy was a member of the eau de la vie ( water of life ) ebola awareness team , a ministry [ … ] september 19 , 2014 | sarah baker moise mamy and seven others in an ebola education delegation were killed by villagers in southern guinea .
september 17 , 2014 | sarah baker see our update posted 9/19/2014 .
update 9/18/2014 there have been unconfirmed reports that some or all of those reported missing have been killed .
these reports have not yet been verified by governmental or organizational officials .
please continue to pray for the protection and safe return of any team members who may have survived the incident .
the albrights are cama workers who partner with envision in conakry , the capital city of guinea .
please read below and lift up their requests .
this afternoon at 5:00 pm guinea time ( 1:00 pm est ) , stephen will be giving an ebola awareness seminar to neighborhood civil and [ … ] september 11 , 2014 | sarah baker cama continues to facilitate ebola awareness and prevention training in guinea through eau de la vie ( water of life ) , the non-government organization that cama helped to launch and that now administers hope clinic .
since the trainings began in mid-june , eau de la vie staff have visited 2,585 families in remote villages throughout three prefectures .
ebola over 1,000 indians being tracked for ebola september 7 , 2014 new delhi : a total of 1,011 indians , who have returned from ebolaaffected areas , are being tracked for the virus , the heath ministry on sunday said .
most of those being tracked are from the states of maharashtra , kerala , tamil nadu , gujarat , west bengal and delhi , an official release said .
during the past 24 ... ebola virus : tripura , mizoram take preventive measures september 7 , 2014 agartala/aizawl : the tripura and mizoram governments have taken a number of preventive measures to check spread of deadly ebola disease , officials from both the states said on sunday .
abdulai bayraytay said on saturday that the government will order people to stay inside their homes on ... drug and vaccine makers in race against ebola september 6 , 2014 geneva : drug and vaccine companies are racing to conduct clinical trials of potential treatments for ebola but it will be 2015 before there are any initial results and much later before significant quantities could be available , executives said on friday .
in interviews on the sidelines of a meeting hosted by the ... hc asks centre if passengers are being screened for ebola september 5 , 2014 mumbai : the union government told the bombay high court that it had installed thermal scanners at the airports in mumbai , delhi and elsewhere to find out ebolainfected passengers among those arriving from africa .
the court , however , was not satisfied and asked the centre to file an additional affidavit by september ...
us to provide $ 75 million to expand ebola care centers september 4 , 2014 dakar : the us aid agency is providing $ 75 million to fund 1,000 more beds in ebola treatment centers in liberia and tens of thousands of protective suits for health care workers .
an ebola outbreak in west africa has killed 1,900 people already and officials say it is out of control .
the us ... getting help to ebolastricken countries to cost $ 600 million : un september 3 , 2014 washington : the cost of getting supplies needed to west african countries to get the ebola crisis under control will be at least $ 600 million , dr david nabarro , the senior united nations coordinator for ebola disease , told reporters on wednesday .
more than 40 per cent of the ebola cases in west africa , ... centre says it is equipped to detect ebola ; hc seeks affidavit september 3 , 2014 mumbai : the centre on wednesday informed the bombay high court that it has installed machines at several international airports in the country to detect the presence of ebola virus among people , who are returning home in large numbers from the affected african countries .
however , activist ketan tirodkar , who has filed a ... ebola drug trials set to begin september 3 , 2014 washington : the trial of a promising experimental ebola drug zmapp , that has been administered to seven people so far but is yet to be approved by regulators , is set to begin .
the world health organisation ( who ) is convening a major meeting this week to prioritise the most promising experimental ebola drugs ... liberian nurses go on strike amid ebola outbreak september 3 , 2014 monrovia : nurses at a main treatment centre for the ebola virus disease were on strike on wednesday to demand more pay and better protection against the fatal disease which is spreading through west africa .
john togba , a spokesman for the nurses at the john f. kennedy hospital in the liberian capital ... ebola outbreak to get worse before it gets better : un officials september 3 , 2014 united nations : top un officials have warned that the ebola outbreak in west africa `` will get worse before it gets better '' as they called for international action to deal with the crisis , saying misinformation about the disease will only exacerbate an already fragile situation .
center for disease control dr. tom frieden said , `` an urgent response to get more patients into care .
more work getting done in the communities .
safer burials , all of these ... poor response to ebola causing needless deaths , says world bank head september 2 , 2014 dakar/lagos : the world 's `` disastrously inadequate response '' to west africa 's ebola outbreak means many people are dying needlessly , the head of the world bank said on monday , as nigeria confirmed another case of the virus .
in a newspaper editorial , world bank president jim yong kim said western healthcare facilities would easily be ... ebola : six 'high risk ' passengers quarantined at delhi airport september 1 , 2014 new delhi : six people deemed `` high risk '' ebola suspects were today admitted to a quarantine facility at delhi airport , health ministry said on monday .
the suspects were among 181 passengers who arrived in india from the affected western african countries .
as of today , the ministry said , as many as 816 passengers were ... health officials set to begin trials on experimental ebola vaccine september 1 , 2014 the death toll of the ebola outbreak in africa has risen above 1500 .
more than 3000 people have been infected , with 40 per cent of those cases reported in the last 3 weeks .
health officials are set to begin trials on an ebola vaccine this week .
experimental ebola drug heals all monkeys in study august 30 , 2014 washington : an experimental ebola drug healed all 18 monkeys infected with the deadly virus in a study , boosting hopes that the treatment might help fight the outbreak raging through west africa once more of it can be made .
the monkeys were given the drug , zmapp , three to five days after ... who : more ebola cases in past week than any other august 29 , 2014 dakar ( senegal ) : the past week has seen the highest increase of ebola cases since the outbreak in west africa began , the world health organization said on friday , offering more evidence that the crisis is worsening .
the un health agency warned yesterday that the outbreak in west africa is accelerating and could ... sc notice to centre on pil for precautions against ebola august 29 , 2014 new delhi : the supreme court on friday issued notice to the centre on a pil seeking immediate steps for proper screening of international flyers coming to india from ebola virusaffected countries to prevent the deadly virus from spreading .
a bench of chief justice rm lodha , justices kurian joseph and rf nariman ... human trials of ebola vaccine to start next week august 29 , 2014 washington : the us government announced on thursday that it will start initial human trials of ebola vaccine next week .
the us national institutes of health ( nih ) said in a statement that the phase one clinical trial will determine if a vaccine , codeveloped by the national institute of allergy and infectious diseases ... who sounds alarm over ebola infections as deaths top 1,500 august 29 , 2014 accra : the world health organization said on friday that the number of ebola cases was increasing rapidly and could exceed 20,000 before the virus is brought under control , as the death toll topped 1,500 .
new figures showed the massive scale of the crisis , which the who said indicated a `` rapid increase ... ebola kills 1,500 health care workers august 28 , 2014 there 's growing concern about the increasing number of health care workers becoming infected with ebola .
public health experts say part of the problem is a shortage of protective gear in more remote areas .
the ebola outbreak has killed nearly 1,500 health care workers .
tom frieden , director of the usbased centres for disease control , said the epidemic would need an `` unprecedented '' response to bring it under control .
health ministers from the ... centre says india ebolafree ; 112 passengers who arrived from liberia declared safe august 27 , 2014 new delhi : the government clarified that none of the 112 passengers who returned from liberia on tuesday have ebola .
all of them were screened and found to be healthy except for one passenger who had fever and sore throat .
that passenger has been isolated in the quarantine cum isolation facility ... who shuts sierra leone lab after worker infected with ebola august 27 , 2014 freetown : the world health organization ( who ) said on tuesday that it had shut a laboratory in sierra leone after a health worker there was infected with ebola , a move that may hamper efforts to boost the global response to the worst ever outbreak of the disease .
10 top working dogs for home and farm these dogs are for people with room , discipline , much affection and activity .
they’re working dogs and as such should have a job .
they’re large dogs and they need training .
if you’re not willing to commit to training question why you want any dog but especially a working dog .
among these breeds are guardian dogs bred [ … ] preparing pets for a natural disaster the potential for natural disasters in the area i live in is huge .
we could be subject to wildfires , floods , earthquakes , tornadoes , and blizzards .
and there is the ever-present threat of a zombie apocalypse .
our household has taken steps to store food and water , flashlights , batteries , and personal information for an emergency , and plan out [ … ]
contact us what measures can be taken to prevent this disease ? - ebola prevention tips .
techniques to avoid infection involve not contacting infected blood or secretions , including from those who are dead .
this involves suspecting and diagnosing the disease early and using standard precautions for all patients in the healthcare setting .
recommended measures when caring for those who are infected include isolating them , sterilizing equipment , and wearing protective clothing including masks , gloves , gowns and goggles .
hand washing is important but can be difficult in areas where there is not even enough water for drinking .
quarantine , also known as enforced isolation , is usually effective in decreasing spread .
governments often quarantine areas where the disease is occurring or individuals who may be infected .
there is definately a lot to learn about this issue .
i like all of the points you have made .
ebola overshadows fight against hiv/aids in sierra leone print | | en español a billboard in freetown , sierra leone , urging people to go to hospital to be tested for hiv .
ebola has stopped people from doing that .
credit : lansana fofana/ips freetown , dec 1 2014 ( ips ) - the outbreak of the deadly ebola epidemic in sierra leone has dwarfed the campaign against hiv/aids , to the extent that patients no longer go to hospitals and treatment centres out of fear of contracting the ebola virus .
hiv/aids patients now fear going to hospitals for treatment and our workers , who are also government health officials , are also afraid of contacting patients for fear of being infected , ” abubakar koroma , director of communications at the national aids secretariat , told ips .
for over five years , the country has managed to stabilise the figures at 1.5 percent , out of a population of 6 million , mainly because of massive countrywide awareness raising .
the authorities also offer free medicines and treatment to people living with hiv/aids .
but all this may be reversed if the ebola crisis is not contained soon .
before the outbreak of the ebola crisis in sierra leone in april , one key area of success in the fight against hiv/aids had been in curtailing mother-to-child transmission .
today , however , there are concerns that it may surge again because pregnant women are now reluctant to go to hospitals for treatment .
in 2004 , the prevalence rate among pregnant women was 4.9 percent but , just before the ebola in april this year , the figure had dropped to 3.2 percent .
according to koroma , “between january and now , that service [ for pregnant women ] has dropped by 80 percent .
we are worried that the ebola crisis may worsen the situation.” from the point of view of those already living with hiv/aids , this is already happening .
idrissa songo , executive director of the network of hiv positives in sierra leone ( nethips ) advocacy group , says that its members fear going to hospitals for care and treatment and that they are constrained by what he described as a cut in the support they were receiving from donors and humanitarian organisations before the outbreak of ebola .
most organisations have diverted their funding to the fight against ebola and this is badly affecting our activities.” related ips articles defying the ebola odds in sierra leone songo added that the core activities of nethips , which include community awareness raising and training of members in care and prevention , have all come to a standstill because of the government’s ban on all public gatherings following the ebola outbreak .
given the current crisis , the national aids secretariat and the ministry of health have set up telephone hotlines to connect with people suffering from hiv/aids .
the aim is to be able to trace and locate them and then get treatment to them .
at the same time , hiv/aids patients are now receiving a quarterly supply of the drugs they need , compared with the monthly dosage they were receiving before ebola struck .
according to songo , these measures are working because “that way , our members , who fear going to hospitals and treatment centres , can stay at home and take their medication .
we know it is risky to go to treatment centres nowadays because of the possibility of contracting ebola , another killer disease , ” songo told ips .
notwithstanding the ebola crisis , ministry of health officials say that they have not lost sight of the fight against hiv/aids .
jonathan abass kamara , public relations officer at the ministry of health , told ips that attention is still focused on the fight against hiv/aids .
we supply drugs to patients regularly and we try our best to give care and attention to them , ” kamara told ips .
however , while sierra leone has made tremendous progress in the fight against hiv/aids and its success in this fight surpasses that of almost all countries in the west africa region , it may well find it difficult to maintain its achievements in this sector if the ebola epidemic is not brought under control .
share this msf ebola activities in west africa - 10 feb 2015 since the ebola outbreak in west africa was officially declared on 22 march in guinea , it has claimed more than 9,100 lives in the region .
the outbreak is the largest ever , and is currently affecting three countries in west africa : guinea , liberia and sierra leone .
outbreaks in mali , nigeria and senegal have been declared over .
a separate outbreak in drc has also ended .
following the downward trend of new cases reported in médecins sans frontières ( msf ) ebola management centres across the three affected countries during the first weeks of 2015 , between week 5 and week 6 the number of new cases has seen a slight increase ( with 19 confirmed admissions on week 6 .
surveillance remains weak : the world health organization reported that during the last week only about 15 % of new cases in guinea is from known ebola contacts , while in sierra leone the available data is limited ( according to who , on week 3 21 % of new cases were from known contacts ) .
there is almost no information sharing for tracing ebola contacts between the three most-affected countries .
since a single new case is enough to reignite an outbreak , the level of vigilance should remain high in order not to jeopardise the progress made in stemming the epidemic .
what msf is doing msf’s west africa ebola response started in march 2014 and includes activities in guinea , liberia , mali and sierra leone .
msf currently employs 325 international and around 4150 national locally hired staff in the region .
the organisation operates eight ebola case management centres ( cmcs ) , providing approximately 650 beds in isolation , and one transit centre .
since the beginning of the outbreak , msf has admitted more than 8,100 patients , among whom around 4,960 were confirmed as having ebola .
more than 2,300 patients have survived .
more than 1,400 tonnes of supplies have been shipped to the affected countries since march .
time chooses ebola fighters for annual person of the year honor posted 7:59 am , december 10 , 2014 , by matt adams - web producer , updated at 08:00am , december 10 , 2014 ( dec. 10 , 2014 ) – they risked their lives half a world away and stared death in the face .
that’s why time chose ebola fighters for its annual person of the year honor .
ebola reached outbreak proportions in west africa , creating a global panic .
its presence was felt all around the globe , touching lives even in indiana , where hoosier native kent brantly , who worked to help those afflicted with the virus , caught ebola himself .
brantly returned to the u.s. for treatment and survived .
did the experience change him ?
we can say , ‘how can i be better now because of what i’ve been through ? ’ to not do that is kind of a shame.” brantly is just one of many who risked death by treating ebola patients .
from time : which brings us to the hero’s heart .
there was little to stop the disease from spreading further .
governments weren’t equipped to respond ; the world health organization was in denial and snarled in red tape .
first responders were accused of crying wolf , even as the danger grew .
but the people in the field , the special forces of doctors without borders/médecins sans frontières ( msf ) , the christian medical-relief workers of samaritan’s purse and many others from all over the world fought side by side with local doctors and nurses , ambulance drivers and burial teams .
ask what drove them and some talk about god ; some about country ; some about the instinct to run into the fire , not away .
stringer/reuters residents of west point celebrate the liberian government’s lifting of the quarantine on saturday .
a swedish man being tested for ebola shows no signs of the virus , medical officials said monday .
the man , whose identity has not been released , was brought to a stockholm hospital over the weekend after visiting an ebola `` risk area '' and coming down with a fever .
in other uplifting news , on saturday , celebratory singing and dancing filled the streets of the west point slum in liberia after the government lifted its ebola quarantine measures .
liberia , the worst hit out of west african countries , is also planning five new ebola treatment centers that will each hold 100 beds .
dominique faget/afp/getty images a girl walks past a slogan painted on a wall reading ‘stop ebola’ in the liberian capital of monrovia on sunday .
the government plans to open five new treatment centers for the virus .
liberia has about one hospital bed per 1,250 people and one nurse or midwife per 3,300 , which are among the lowest rates in the world .
the united kingdom , for example , has one nurse or midwife for every 100 people .
dominique faget/afp/getty images health care workers wearing full body suits burn infected items at the elwa hospital run by medecins sans frontieres ( doctors without borders ) in monrovia on saturday .
the virus has killed nearly 700 people in liberia .
sensing difficulty in finding staffing for the new hospital , jorge castilla-echenique , the health sector coordinator for the european commission 's humanitarian outreach program echo , said that there are also talks of creating a 1,000-bed `` holding center .
in sierra leone , the mood was much more downtrodden , as health workers went on strike at a major state-run treatment center over wages and working conditions .
the world food programme is trying to help , assisting 150,000 people in ebola-stricken countries over food shortage fears .
but it needs $ 70 million to feed 1.3 million people at risk of food scarcity , the organization 's west africa director denise brown said .
where is the ebola outbreak going ?
nowhere good , experts increasingly warn 09/12/2014 06:21 am health workers carry the body of a woman that they suspect died from the ebola virus , in an area known as clara town in monrovia , liberia , wednesday , sept. 10 , 2014 .
the canadian press/ap , abbas dulleh the canadian press/ap , abbas dulleh related stories and links experts meet to advise who on how to use experimental ebola drugs , vaccines toronto – the unprecedented spread of the ebola virus in west africa may be pushing the world towards a viral disaster , a commentary published in friday’s new york times suggests .
the article reveals that experts are worried ongoing transmission of the virus through people runs the risk of giving rise to mutations that will allow ebola to spread through the air , like some of the world’s most contagious viruses .
the virus currently spreads via contact with contaminated bodily fluids .
the article bears the headline : what we’re afraid to say about ebola .
it was written by michael osterholm of the university of minnesota’s center for infectious diseases research and policy .
it is among the first signs that experts who have been watching the outbreak with mounting alarm are ready to go public with grave concerns about an ebola outbreak that is unlike any the world has ever seen .
to date more than 4,200 people have been infected and nearly 2,300 have died , according to the world health organization , which has warned its numbers are likely an underestimate .
a few weeks back the who warned that 20,000 people might be infected before this outbreak is over .
that’s nearly 50 times as many cases as the largest ebola outbreak on record before now .
before this epidemic , fewer than 3,000 people were known to have contracted the virus in roughly 19 outbreaks dating back to 1976 .
so when the 20,000 figure was raised , it was almost an unthinkable number .
now some experts believe 20,000 is optimistic .
a modelling study , release thursday in the online journal eurosurveillance , suggested that if the pace of new cases continues as it has , there could be between 77,000 and 277,000 additional ebola cases before the end of 2014 .
the authors of that study called that a worse case scenario and said the scale of containment efforts should prevent case numbers from getting that high .
but they said that as of aug. 26 , there was no indication the efforts were turning the tide .
viruses like ebola mutate constantly .
and each time an animal virus such as ebola infects a person , it has the chance to develop mutations that make it better adapted to spreading among people .
no one knows what cycling ebola viruses through so many people would mean in terms of the virus’s evolution .
but scientists who study ebola — one of the deadliest viruses to afflict humankind — would prefer not to watch the experiment in action .
osterholm suggested each infection gives the mutating virus “trillions of throws of the genetic dice.” “the current ebola virus’s hyper-evolution is unprecedented ; there has been more human-to-human transmission in the past four months than most likely occurred in the last 500 to 1,000 years , ” he said in his times commentary .
ebola currently spreads through exposure to bodily fluids like vomit , blood or feces .
exposure is high risk for those who encounter these fluids , but only those caring for sick patients or preparing the dead for burial do .
infections could spread quickly to every part of the globe , as the h1n1 influenza virus did in 2009 , after its birth in mexico , ” osterholm wrote .
in an interview , he noted that the outbreak has crippled the three worst-hit countries : guinea , sierra leone and liberia .
separating the sick from the uninfected is the only way to stop the ongoing spread .
in liberia , which has been hit hardest by the outbreak , it was announced a large soccer stadium will be converted into two treatment facilities .
use of the stadium was donated by soccer’s international governing body , fifa .
osterholm said people might be tempted to slough off the situation by telling themselves that events in west africa have no bearing on their own lives .
there are shortages of food and water , ” he said .
he said the risk needs to be mitigated by greatly enhanced efforts to stop the spread of the virus , including instituting united nations control over the response .
the security council should give the un overriding authority to run the response .
military air and ground support from g-7 countries is needed to ensure supply chains for medical and infection control products , as well as food and water for quarantined areas , he wrote .
osterholm said humanitarianism isn’t the only driving factor demanding a response .
by ebola rising on november 17 , 2014 in news , sierra leone , usa dr. martin salia , a us legal resident of african origin , who was infected from ebola virus while in sierra leone , has died in a nebraska hospital .
he was suffering from advanced symptoms of ebola , including kidney and respiratory failure .
salia arrived saturday at nebraska medical center in omaha .
the hospital tweeted monday that he was [ … ]
het laatste nieuws het eerst op nu.nl getroffen landen willen aantal nieuwe ebola-gevallen terugdringen foto : anp guinee , liberia en sierra leone streven ernaar binnen zestig dagen het aantal nieuwe ebola-gevallen tot nul terug te brengen .
dat hebben de drie west-afrikaanse landen maandag laten weten .
de ebola-epidemie brak eind 2013 uit in guinee en verspreidde zich naar de twee buurlanden .
bijna alle gevallen deden zich in de drie west-afrikaanse landen voor .
in totaal zijn ongeveer 23.000 mensen ziek geworden .
meer dan negenduizend patiënten zijn overleden .
het aantal nieuwe gevallen daalde in de eerste weken van dit jaar , maar daarna was er weer een stijging .
vorige week liet de wereldgezondheidsorganisatie weten dat er in de week van 1 tot 8 februari 144 nieuwe gevallen waren geregistreerd .
dat waren er twintig meer dan in de week ervoor , toen er ook al sprake van een stijging was .
the agency warned that without an effective intervention or a slowdown in the transmission of the virus , the world 's biggest outbreak on record could extend from 550,000 to as many as 1.4 million cases by january 20 .
from the washington post : researchers say the total number of cases is vastly underreported by a factor of 2.5 in sierra leone and liberia , two of the three hardest-hit countries .
using this correction factor , researchers estimate that approximately 21,000 total cases will have occurred in liberia and sierra leone by sept. 30 .
reported cases in those two countries are doubling approximately every 20 days , researchers said .
as denise grady pointed out , the new projections do n't account for the recent efforts taken by the united states and the international community into account , but instead reflect a `` worst-case scenario .
with international health workers and groups working to limit the exposure and treat the ill , countries have taken drastic action to stem the spread of the virus .
as cnn reported , sierra leone finished a three-day national lockdown on monday in which citizens were not allowed to leave their homes as health workers sought to make contact with 1.5 million homes to explain how the virus is contracted .
according to the country 's health ministry , 75 percents of the households were reached .
this post previously appeared on the wire .
no , it 's all in good fun 11 % yes , ebola is nothing to joke about 88 % > more cox media group national content desk a video posted to youtube shows two adults pranking a young boy into making him think he has ebola .
seen wearing a surgical mask , one of the adults in the video reads a thermometer and another adult voice off-camera says he 's got ebola which causes the child to burst into tears .
reaction to the video is mixed .
many commenters on the video think the adults went too far in their prank .
according to the centers for disease control and prevention , the 2014 ebola epidemic is the largest in history , affecting multiple countries in west africa .
it has also been the focus of media reports in the united states since a man who contracted ebola in africa flew to dallas where he later died in a hospital .
two nurses who attended to the man also contracted ebola but have since recovered .
watch : snl hits every obama scandal while ridiculing ebola response october 26 , 2014 , 10:50 am edt 23432 views the cast of `` saturday night live '' mocked president obama 's response to the ebola cases diagnosed in the u.s. during saturday 's cold open .
at the beginning of the skit , obama explains that the ebola response was n't that bad , relatively speaking .
but i assure you , that was nowhere near as bad as how we handled the isis situation , our varied secret service mishaps , or the scandals of the irs and the nsa , '' he said .
watch the clip via hulu : like us on facebook
thu , 31 jul 2014 11:34:00 cdt politics of ebola as deadly as the virus joshua keating http : //www.redeyechicago.com/ct-ebola-virus-africa-perspec-0730-pw-20140731-story.html ? track=rss the arrival of a man infected with ebola virus in lagos , nigeria — africa 's largest city — last week was certainly an alarming development , but it 's also in some ways a distraction .
nigeria has far more resources to throw at the problem than guinea , liberia and sierra leone ... . thu , 31 jul 2014 concern grows over worsening ebola crisis http : //www.redeyechicago.com/chinews-concern-grows-over-worsening-20140730-embeddedvideo.html ? track=rss pan-african airline asky has suspended all flights to and from the capitals of liberia and sierra leone amid the worsening ebola health crisis .
wed , 30 jul 2014 08:05:00 cdt ebola in liberia ahmed jallanzo / epa http : //www.redeyechicago.com/chi-ebola-outbreak-nigeria-20140804-002-photo.html ? track=rss a photograph made available 27 july 2014 shows liberian health workers in protective gear on the way to bury a woman who died of the ebola virus .
wed , 2 jul 2014 00:00:00 cdt
african business leaders , technology , innovation , business trends and market opportunities .
tue , 17 mar 2015 01:32:06 -0400 hourly
american doctor infected with ebola tests negative , will be released go to permalink kent brantly , one of the two american doctors infected with ebola while working in west africa , is expected to be released from emory university hospital today .
the second patient , dr. nancy writebol , remains in recovery , but is regaining strength , her husband told cnn .
brantly and writebol were saved in part by an experimental treatment , called zmapp , and were among the first humans to have received the serum .
cnn reports that three aid workers in africa infected with ebola have also been given the treatment and are showing signs of improvement .
zmapp , an experimental treatment never before used on humans , may have saved the two american aid… read more read more this is the deadliest ebola breakout ever .
from the associated press : the world health organization said the death toll is rising most quickly in liberia , which now accounts for at least 576 of the fatalities .
at least 2,473 people have been sickened across west africa , which is now more than the caseloads of all the previous two-dozen ebola outbreaks combined .
china continues to send experts , supplies to ebola-hit african countries tweet freetown : china is continuing its efforts to help western african countries combat the latest round of ebola epidemic outbreak , having sent three teams of experts and medical supplies to guinea , liberia and sierra leone in spite of a high risk of infection .
the deadly ebola virus , which has claimed over 1,000 lives in west african countries , is highly-contagious and has no known cure or vaccines .
before the arrival of the chinese experts , eight members of the chinese medical team sent to sierra leone’s hospitals annually to assist the treatment of local patients , were put in quarantine after treating ebola patients .
fortunately , seven chinese medical workers working in sierra leone-china friendship hospital , quarantined after treating ebola patients , have shown no ebola symptoms and their conditions were stable , an official with china’s embassy told xinhua tuesday .
the quarantine of another member of the chinese medical team in sierra leone has been declared ended after he was checked and ruled out from infection with the virus , the leader of chinese medical team wang yaoping told xinhua tuesday .
the newly-arrived chinese experts , which are composed of epidemiologists and specialists in disinfection and protection , are expected to share their expertise in controlling and preventing the disease , and train local medical workers on personal protection , disinfection and biological safety .
china’s rich experiences in controlling and preventing public health emergencies , such as its campaigns against the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome ( sars ) in 2003 and the h7n9 bird flu virus in recent years , are widely recognized to be helpful for africa’s fight against ebola .
a world health organization ( who ) official on wednesday applauded china’s emergency assistance to sierra leone , where more than 300 people have died of the dreaded ebola virus .
jacob mufunda , who has worked in sierra leone , made the comment while meeting with chinese medical workers who are currently working with the country’s medical staff to tame the deadly ebola virus .
mufunda said china’s assistance will help ease the shortage of medical equipment in the country , adding that china’s emergency aid is “timely and efficient.” the official noted the country is in dire need of medical staff and supplies to curb the spread of the disease .
besides , a chartered plane carrying supplies from shanghai in eastern china arrived in guinea , sierra leone and liberia successively on monday .
the supplies , worth 30 million yuan ( 4.9 million u.s. dollars ) , include medical protective clothes , disinfectants , thermo-detectors and medicines .
chinese ambassador to liberia zhang yue , when presenting tuesday a consignment of medical supplies to liberia following their arrival , said the items were donated by chinese people to bring relief to liberia during a critical period .
yue said china will continue to stand by liberia as it strives to prevent and combat the spread of the deadly ebola virus disease in the country .
earlier , president ellen johnson-sirleaf lauded china’s friendly assistance to the people of liberia at a critical time when her country is faced with challenges posed by the deadly ebola virus that has claimed the lives of many of her compatriots since march .
deputy minister of foreign affairs of sierra leone ebun strasser-king said monday the chinese government demonstrated that “a friend in need is a friend indeed.” she noted that the ebola “took us by surprise and met us when we were ill prepared for it.” “the government and people welcome this gesture by the chinese” and that “our friendship has been based on friendship and brotherhood.” four western african countries — guinea , liberia , nigeria and sierra leone — have been hit by the ebola epidemic .
a total of 1,013 people have died and 1,848 people have been infected since march , according to the world health organization’s latest tally on aug. 11 .
ebola and the news re : ebola and the news posted by baysideforever posted by 2badsosad what i really want to know is how someone who had direct contact with the bodily fluids of a known ebola patient was allowed on a commercial airliner in the first goddamn place before 21 days was up .
nothing about this is okay .
the country of colombia is banning anyone whose been to africa including their own citizens .
and showing symptoms no less .
that was completely selfish on this nurse .
knowing she had been exposed and had symptoms .
i thought i just read that she flew before she was showing symptoms ?
has it been reported where she flew to ?
i would hope that wherever they are working they have a plan in place on how to handle and treat this .
i 'm disgusted to hear that the texas patient was in a regular er room for 3 hours before being seen .
can you imagine you or your child sitting in that seat once it came open ?
b/c they were allowed to `` self monitor '' and this person probably thought she was fine ... basically no one was watching her .
clearly not all people are trustworthy when it comes to `` self monitoring .
guess we 'll find out when people actually become contagious very soon .
and that right there is the problem - let people , who have no knowledge of the seriousness of the disease or how it operates within their body , `` self-monitor .
and showing symptoms no less .
that was completely selfish on this nurse .
knowing she had been exposed and had symptoms .
i thought i just read that she flew before she was showing symptoms ?
has it been reported where she flew to ?
cleavland to dallas on frontier airlines .
i read she was n't feeling well on the flight .
who knows what 's true and/or what she would admit to .
b/c they were allowed to `` self monitor '' and this person probably thought she was fine ... basically no one was watching her .
clearly not all people are trustworthy when it comes to `` self monitoring .
guess we 'll find out when people actually become contagious very soon .
and that right there is the problem - let people , who have no knowledge of the seriousness of the disease or how it operates within their body , `` self-monitor .
i cant even believe she would get on a plane even if no one was monitoring her .
knowing what she knew , knowing a coworker was `` somehow '' able to contract it .
wtf - like one more week wouldve been a big deal to wait it out ?
you knowingly put 100s of lives as risk .
sh ! t like this is why im worried bc people keep letting things like this happen .
things that shoudl never happen in the first place .
carelessness , selfishness , irresponsibility ... .. posted 10/15/14 1:37 pm posted by mrsdamonsalv7319 posted by 2badsosad what i really want to know is how someone who had direct contact with the bodily fluids of a known ebola patient was allowed on a commercial airliner in the first goddamn place before 21 days was up .
b/c they were allowed to `` self monitor '' and this person probably thought she was fine ... basically no one was watching her .
clearly not all people are trustworthy when it comes to `` self monitoring .
guess we 'll find out when people actually become contagious very soon .
and that right there is the problem - let people , who have no knowledge of the seriousness of the disease or how it operates within their body , `` self-monitor .
i cant even believe she would get on a plane even if no one was monitoring her .
knowing what she knew , knowing a coworker was `` somehow '' able to contract it .
wtf - like one more week wouldve been a big deal to wait it out ?
you knowingly put 100s of lives as risk .
sh ! t like this is why im worried bc people keep letting things like this happen .
things that shoudl never happen in the first place .
carelessness , selfishness , irresponsibility ... ..
i am more angry than worried because all of this was preventable !
ebola can be contained but watching this unfold the way it has is ridiculous .
it 's hard to believe we have some of the best scientific minds .
message edited 10/15/2014 1:40:45 pm .
oct 10 dallas to cleveland and oct 13 cleveland to dallas it really makes me wonder .
she obviously did n't care about the instructions in that case .
so did she really have no symptoms before she reported them ?
if she 's selfish enough to fly when told not to , is she selfish enough not to get on a plane with a fever just to get home before reporting it ?
oct 10 dallas to cleveland and oct 13 cleveland to dallas it really makes me wonder .
she obviously did n't care about the instructions in that case .
so did she really have no symptoms before she reported them ?
if she 's selfish enough to fly when told not to , is she selfish enough not to get on a plane with a fever just to get home before reporting it ?
i hope not , but i believe so .
oct 10 dallas to cleveland and oct 13 cleveland to dallas it really makes me wonder .
she obviously did n't care about the instructions in that case .
so did she really have no symptoms before she reported them ?
if she 's selfish enough to fly when told not to , is she selfish enough not to get on a plane with a fever just to get home before reporting it ?
i hope not , but i believe so .
the fact that she is a nurse disturbs me beyond words .
she has more medical knowledge than a common joe schmoe .
she knew better - i refuse to believe otherwise .
he showers the second he walks in the door and his clothes all go right in the wash .
i really think we need to set up certain 'centers ' in every state that are 100 % ready to deal with this and the infected people can go there for treatment .
there is just no way i can fathom every single hospital being ready for this .
there needs to be places set up ready for ebola patients that actually know what they 're doing and how to stop it from spreading .
it should not be left to individual hospitals to deal with .
also , i 'm a little curious about why we have n't heard anything about duncan 's family .
is their incubation period over ?
if they are all healthy , then it 's a good sign that it 's not very easy to catch early on , only after the person gets very sick .
i , too , am not worried - i 've certainly made that abundantly clear .
however , i like the idea of creating a centralized location in each major city/regional area specifically set up to care for these patients .
i agree , regular hospitals and healthcare workers are not trained well enough for this type of care , and as someone said quoting a nurse , ( and being in care myself ) the patient is # 1 ... . even if it breaks protocols .
i think that designating a specific hospital and training that staff efficiently would be the ideal .
why not set up these centers and train people on the proper protocol now , before it gets worse .
if it ends up being for naught , so be it , but at least we will be prepared .
instead of everyone scrambling like a-holes to set things up after the fact .
my mom is a director of a major nyc hospital .
they are designating a hospital as the `` ebola '' hospital .
any cases will be transferred there .
they are training everyone again and really taking this seriously .
they refuse to make the mistakes that dallas did .
so , in short , they are preparing for it .
oct 10 dallas to cleveland and oct 13 cleveland to dallas it really makes me wonder .
she obviously did n't care about the instructions in that case .
so did she really have no symptoms before she reported them ?
if she 's selfish enough to fly when told not to , is she selfish enough not to get on a plane with a fever just to get home before reporting it ?
i hope not , but i believe so .
the fact that she is a nurse disturbs me beyond words .
she has more medical knowledge than a common joe schmoe .
she knew better - i refuse to believe otherwise .
i bet these people thought they were protected enough and that there was no way they could contract it .
do we really know how it 's contracted ?
oct 10 dallas to cleveland and oct 13 cleveland to dallas it really makes me wonder .
she obviously did n't care about the instructions in that case .
so did she really have no symptoms before she reported them ?
if she 's selfish enough to fly when told not to , is she selfish enough not to get on a plane with a fever just to get home before reporting it ?
i hope not , but i believe so .
the fact that she is a nurse disturbs me beyond words .
she has more medical knowledge than a common joe schmoe .
she knew better - i refuse to believe otherwise .
cdc says she had a 99.5 temp before her pm flight and a fever the next morning .
imo that is a fever ! ! !
when my son has that temp his eyes glaze over and he feels warm .
when i have that , i have the chills .
she was getting sick , knew it and wanted to get home , imo .
i understand she may have been scared but , they were told not to fly .
she thought she knew better and flew .
i am would be even more mad if i was on that flight .
the poor person who sat next to her .
the flight attendant who took her cup and used napkins .
message edited 10/15/2014 2:44:20 pm .
do you trust this ass-clown of a president to protect us from this ?
i think you 'll be changing your tune in a few weeks ... look..
i ca n't stand obamass .
i think he 's a blithering idiot and worthless .
i feel he has caused more pain and misery in this country than the brainwashed country wants to believe .
i feel like his terms as president have made our country weaker , less respected and an overall mess that said.. its a virus .
unless you want to blame obama for not locking down our country ahead of time and duncan then could never come to the us ( which time and time again i said would be impossible , never mind hindsight is impossible to at on ) .
the government ( both sides ) had very little to do with bringing a deadly virus to the us other than transporting two sick individuals back to america who are now cured and because they are cured they were able to help the first nurse by offering a blood transfusion , not otherwise possible if we 'd left them in africa .
i disagree with mocking those who are sincerely panicked and mostly keep my mouth shut other than to offer reassurances or information to counter .
but as an obama-hater i think his opponents can do better than blaming ebola fear on him .
i am not concerned .. not because i think the government has anything to do with it one way or another , but because its the media who 's feeding the panic .
the family he was visiting here has n't been admitted .
nurses broke protocol because they did n't know the protocol and more importantly they are extraordinarily brave individuals who are generally used to handling bodily fluids without thought .
i am not handling or exposed to the bodily fluids of anyone showing signs of ebola .
these two nurses were not only around him but handling him in very close proximity .
that is not likely to happen to anyone else in the general public .
hospitals are understaffed because medical fraud is rampant .
medical mal is ridiculously expensive .
because medical field is reeling from aca because the costs to be a doctor well out weights the salary .
nurses are hard to come by trained for trauma for the same reasons .
i am not concerned because there 's nothing to be concerned about yet .
food for thought ... none of the nurses handling the other two cured americans have been diagnosed ... and i think its because they knew they were coming and were properly prepared .
these two nurses were thrust into this .
oct 10 dallas to cleveland and oct 13 cleveland to dallas it really makes me wonder .
she obviously did n't care about the instructions in that case .
so did she really have no symptoms before she reported them ?
if she 's selfish enough to fly when told not to , is she selfish enough not to get on a plane with a fever just to get home before reporting it ?
i hope not , but i believe so .
the fact that she is a nurse disturbs me beyond words .
she has more medical knowledge than a common joe schmoe .
she knew better - i refuse to believe otherwise .
cdc says she had a 99.5 temp before her pm flight and a fever the next morning .
imo that is a fever ! ! !
when my son has that temp his eyes glaze over and he feels warm .
when i have that , i have the chills .
she was getting sick , knew it and wanted to get home , imo .
i understand she may have been scared but , they were told not to fly .
she thought she knew better and flew .
i am would be even more mad if i was on that flight .
the poor person who sat next to her .
the flight attendant who took her cup and used napkins .
she visited family members who work at kent state u. kent state has told her family members to stay home for the next 21 days ... how many others will be ( at the least ) inconvienced because of this ... bc the cdc has essentially failed to do their job and take actual control from the very beginning .
i 've been trying to give them the benefit of doubt , but their incompetency is really starting to show and it 's scary !
will people on that plane be told to stay out of work ?
will they be paid if that happens ?
ugh , what a nightmare for those ppl !
he showers the second he walks in the door and his clothes all go right in the wash .
i really think we need to set up certain 'centers ' in every state that are 100 % ready to deal with this and the infected people can go there for treatment .
there is just no way i can fathom every single hospital being ready for this .
there needs to be places set up ready for ebola patients that actually know what they 're doing and how to stop it from spreading .
it should not be left to individual hospitals to deal with .
also , i 'm a little curious about why we have n't heard anything about duncan 's family .
is their incubation period over ?
if they are all healthy , then it 's a good sign that it 's not very easy to catch early on , only after the person gets very sick .
i , too , am not worried - i 've certainly made that abundantly clear .
however , i like the idea of creating a centralized location in each major city/regional area specifically set up to care for these patients .
i agree , regular hospitals and healthcare workers are not trained well enough for this type of care , and as someone said quoting a nurse , ( and being in care myself ) the patient is # 1 ... . even if it breaks protocols .
i think that designating a specific hospital and training that staff efficiently would be the ideal .
why not set up these centers and train people on the proper protocol now , before it gets worse .
if it ends up being for naught , so be it , but at least we will be prepared .
instead of everyone scrambling like a-holes to set things up after the fact .
my mom is a director of a major nyc hospital .
they are designating a hospital as the `` ebola '' hospital .
any cases will be transferred there .
they are training everyone again and really taking this seriously .
they refuse to make the mistakes that dallas did .
so , in short , they are preparing for it .
i was hopin somethjng like this was going to happen .
that 's the way it should be .
nyc as usual on top of their sh ! t when it comes to healthcare !
they say it 's not airborne , she had protective gear given to her by the hospital .
and figured she was safe obviously she was n't .
which brings to me the debate going on here .
for the 2nd very long thread .
some people are choosing to believe what the cdc is saying and think they are perfectly safe .
others do not believe it and are pretty freaked out .
i 'm one of the others .
i feel like they do not have a handle on this .
the first thing they should do is stop all flights from disease stricken areas .
right now their first line of defense is customs agents taking temps at the airport .
my friend is an agent .
she got a mask , gloves and thermometer .
a lot less gear then both of those nurses had .
it 's unbelievable that they are waiting for this to spread before just shitting down the flights .
local liberians help those hit hard by ebola in west africa by erica ponte published : october 25 , 2014 , 10:39 pm updated : click to share on pinterest providence ( wpri ) – the local liberian community is doing their part to help communities hit hard by the ebola outbreak in west africa .
the rhode island group has held educational forums , meetings with the dept .
of health and now they’re sending medical supplies to africa .
on saturday morning , they collected items including more than 20 beds and a handful of hazmat suits .
claudius cooper is a reverand at christ center of praise church in providence and the organizer of saturday’s event .
he says , “we’re not counting on numbers .
we were looking at how much we could fill a 40 foot container with and we believe we have a little bit now to fill a 40 foot container.” supplies were collected through the “ebola be gone” campaign .
the goal of the campaign is to educate people on ebola and to hopefully prevent the virus from spreading .
donated items include sodium chloride and a sterilized saline solution used to clean medical tools .
cooper says it is a tedious process to send these supplies to liberia , but says it is all worth it .
the liberian community in rhode island is planning a food drive as their next event .
ebola case confirmed in central scotland editor : zhangyerong 丨xinhua full coverage : ebola outbreak in west africa edinburgh , dec. 29 ( xinhua ) -- a female healthcare worker on monday was confirmed as having ebola after returning to glasgow in central scotland from sierra leone on sunday night , the scottish government said .
the patient was admitted to hospital early monday morning after feeling unwell and was placed into isolation at 7:50 a.m. ( 0750 gmt ) after returning to scotland via casablanca of morocco and london heathrow , arriving at glasgow airport on a british airways flight at around 11:30 p.m. local time ( 2330 gmt ) on sunday , said the press release .
the individual has been isolated and receiving treatment in a specialist unit for infectious diseases on the gartnavel hospital campus in glasgow .
all possible contacts with the patient are now being investigated and anyone deemed to be at risk will be contacted and closely monitored .
however , the risk to others is considered extremely low as the patient having been diagnosed in the very early stages of the illness , it added .
according to british and scottish protocol for anyone diagnosed with ebola , the patient will be transferred to the high level isolation unit in the royal free hospital , london , as soon as possible .
this is where the facilities , staff and systems are in place to ensure the best quality and safest care .
while public health experts have emphasised that the risks are negligible , a telephone helpline has been set up for anyone who was on the heathrow to glasgow flight last night , said the press release .
scottish first minister nicola sturgeon chaired a meeting of the scottish government resilience committee to ensure all necessary steps are being taken , and also spoke to british prime minister david cameron .
i wish them a speedy recovery , '' said sturgeon .
she said scotland has the robust procedures in place to identify cases rapidly , and that the health service also has the expertise and facilities to ensure that confirmed ebola cases are contained and isolated effectively minimizing any potential spread of the disease .
related articles please scan the qr code to follow us on instagram please scan the qr code to follow us on wechat we recommend along the frontier part 36- deqin china’s historic towns- china’s historic towns part 32 karen mok : a multi-talented superstar the new tool : tattoo culture in china fuding , fujian province china’s 30th parallel part 43- more stories from xianning china’s historic towns part 31- pushi and house built on turtles
ebola’s not over for health care’s volunteers eu humanitarian aid and civil protection ( cc ) on flickr you might have missed it , because we’re barely talking about it in the united states , but the african ebola epidemic has still not died down : the world health organization identified 99 new cases in its most recent status report .
and as long as the disease persists , the possibility exists that it could spread back out of that confined area to other countries .
which makes it a good time to consider several new reports of what happened to us health care workers involved in responding to ebola , and how that experience still affects their lives .
short version : of two who contracted ebola and survived , one remains ill and fears she was manipulated , and the other , though well , feels he was misrepresented and stigmatized .
both worry their experience will dissuade others from volunteering in turn .
and a major new government report backs them up .
the dallas morning news reported saturday on nina pham , one of two nurses infected by thomas eric duncan , a liberian who flew into the united states not knowing he had ebola .
after developing the disease and being treated by her own hospital , pham was flown to the clinical center at the national institutes of health , where she was treated with experimental drugs and the blood serum of us physician kent brantly , who had already recovered .
pham is suing the hospital where she worked and was treated , texas health presbyterian , for putting its staff at risk .
from the story by jennifer emily : pham says she will file a lawsuit monday in dallas county against texas health resources alleging that while she became the american face of the fight against the disease , the hospital’s lack of training and proper equipment and violations of her privacy made her “a symbol of corporate neglect — a casualty of a hospital system’s failure to prepare for a known and impending medical crisis.” pham wants unspecified damages for physical pain and mental anguish , medical expenses and loss of future earnings .
but she said that she wants to “make hospitals and big corporations realize that nurses and health care workers , especially frontline people , are important .
and we don’t want nurses to start turning into patients.” a few days before that story , another us health care workers who treated victims of the diseases and then developed ebola published his own account .
dr. craig spencer was healthy when he flew home to manhattan ; as requested by the centers for disease control and prevention , he took his temperature twice a day , looking for any spike that would indicate he was developing symptoms and becoming infectious .
on the day his temperature rose , he checked himself into bellevue hospital .
he writes in the new england journal of medicine : people fear the unknown , and fear in measured doses can be therapeutic and inform rational responses , but in excess , it fosters poor decision making that can be harmful .
after my diagnosis , the media and politicians could have educated the public about ebola .
instead , they spent hours retracing my steps through new york and debating whether ebola can be transmitted through a bowling ball .
little attention was devoted to the fact that the science of disease transmission and the experience in previous ebola outbreaks suggested that it was nearly impossible for me to have transmitted the virus before i had a fever .
the media sold hype with flashy headlines — “ebola : `the isis of biological agents ? ’” ; “nurses in safety gear got ebola , why wouldn’t you ? ” ; “ebola in the air ?
a nightmare that could happen” — and fabricated stories about my personal life and the threat i posed to public health , abdicating their responsibility for informing public opinion and influencing public policy .
spencer was hospitalized for two weeks ; his recovery rendered the us ebola-free .
i believe we send the wrong message by imposing a 21-day waiting period before they can transition from public health hazard to hero .
as a society , we recognize the need for some of our best-trained physicians and public health professionals to participate in a potentially fatal mission because failing to stop the epidemic at its source threatens everyone .
we should also have faith that these professionals will follow proven , science-based protocols and protect their loved ones by monitoring themselves .
it worked for me , and it has worked for hundreds of my colleagues who have returned from this and past ebola outbreaks without infecting anyone .
spencer’s frustration is echoed in a report released last week by the presidential commission for the study of bioethical issues , which examines the arguments for quarantine ( and other ethics-based issues such as whether to send help to affected countries and how to conduct clinical trials of treatments ) .
the commission , composed of medical and legal faculty from 11 universities , comes down strongly against imposing quarantines on people such as spencer who are not infectious , and in favor of extending more support to health care workers such as pham .
in releasing the report , he commission’s chair , amy gutmann , phd , president of the university of pennsylvania , expressed its conclusions forcefully : public health preparedness requires ethics preparedness .
we need to be prepared , for example , to communicate early and often during an ebola epidemic — drawing upon the best scientific evidence — why not to quarantine asymptomatic individuals .
needlessly restricting the freedom of expert and caring health care workers is both morally wrong and counterproductive ; it will do more to lose than to save lives .
ebola in texas : many exposed , being watched for symptoms use your key for the next article comment play texas health officials have begun tracking down and monitoring people who came in contact with the ebola patient .
on.aol.com ebola has been diagnosed in dallas , texas and now there are at least 100 people under observation in case they were also infected .
most of those being monitored were either primary or secondary contacts to thomas eric duncan .
on thursday , the la times reported on the status of the liberian who was diagnosed with ebola after entering the united states last month .
photo by tom pennington/getty images originally it was announced that duncan came in contact with less than 20 people who were under observation in case they were also infected with ebola .
now due to secondary contact and a possible hospital misdiagnosis , many more are being watched in case they have also become infected .
containment of the deadly virus is imperative in stopping a major u.s. outbreak .
despite having flown into dallas while infected , officials insist that others on the same flights as duncan are not at risk .
he was not showing symptoms of the ebola virus when he took the international flight to see his fiance and other family members .
ebola is only spread when symptoms are present .
according to the mayo clinic , symptoms of ebola tend to present themselves within 5-10 days of infection .
early symptoms include fever , headache , joint and muscle aches and weakness .
as the virus progresses , symptoms will get much more serious .
advanced symptoms of ebola include vomiting , severe weight loss , rash , internal bleeding and bleeding from the orifices .
ebola is spread through contact with the blood , sweat and other bodily fluids of an infected person .
the survival rate for those infected with ebola is low and recovery can take months .
so far , those in direct contact with duncan have been isolated and told to remain inside their apartment .
they are not to be in contact with others until it can be determined that they were not infected .
there are five children involved though and all of them show no signs of infection .
they have all returned to dallas area schools .
those roughly 100 people had secondary ebola contact have been asked to take their temperatures every day and report any abnormalities .
so far , no one has reported symptoms that would indicate the ebola virus .
they are not currently quarantined though and are carrying on with their every day tasks .
thomas eric duncan has been hospitalized since september 28 and remains in isolation and in serious condition .
he is being treated at the texas health presbyterian hospital .
it has been reported that he originally sought medical treatment and was sent home after the hospital misdiagnosed him .
he returned by ambulance just a few days later .
additionally , it was reported that duncan was in contact with an infected woman just days before boarding his plane from liberia to dallas .
he escorted a young family member who was seriously ill as they sought medical treatment for her ebola infection .
she died in his presence just hours later .
after knowingly coming into direct contact with an ebola victim , duncan then boarded a plane to the united states .
within days of coming to the united states , duncan sought medical help and was sent home .
did he not explain to the doctor that just days before coming to the united states , he had direct contact with the ebola virus ?
how was he sent home ?
let us know your concerns on the news of ebola in dallas in the comments below .
ebola : “we need to make sure that no one slips through the cracks” john moore/getty images 10.02.2015 “the ebola epidemic started with only a few cases in guéckédou , guinea .
in a small , isolated area , outbreaks of ebola are normally very limited in scope .
though it may have started small , this outbreak occurred at the crossroads of three countries , where people move around a lot , from one village to another and one country to another .
at the beginning , in guinea , when we asked about contacts of those who had died from ebola , people would say , ‘oh , he went to sierra leone’ , or ’he’s in liberia .’ tracing the ebola virus here in freetown , we still don’t know how more than half of our ebola patients got infected .
and while we may know which households had cases of ebola , we don’t necessarily know where the infection originated .
to reach zero cases , every person who had a high-risk contact with someone with ebola needs to be identified .
it’s not as easy as going into a house where someone has been sick and asking who has been exposed .
it’s about gaining the trust of families , spending time with them , so that they understand that the people they’ve been in contact with are not going to be punished .
contact tracing system if a good contact tracing system had been in place from the start of the outbreak , there would be no reason to put people in quarantine .
in guinea , the government has never quarantined households .
in overcrowded freetown , where ebola was spreading out of control , and where the response was under-resourced , the government may have seen quarantine as the only available option. personally i don’t agree with this but i can see why the sierra leonean government is doing it – to stop people moving around and spreading the disease any further .
philippe latour/msf msf epidemiologist amanda tiffany contact tracing in guinea how the ebola epidemic spread the mobility of the population is one of the main reasons the epidemic spread as fast as it did .
however , from what we have seen during visits to some families under quarantine , they aren’t being systematically provided with appropriate support – including food , clean water or medical care. yesterday i visited a quarantined household .
we had already admitted five people from the family to our ebola management centre in freetown when a four-year-old girl fell sick .
they called the national ebola hotline and an ambulance came to pick up the child. ebola quarantine although the family asked for her to be taken to the msf centre , where she already had family , the ambulance team had been told to take her to another centre .
yesterday the family had heard nothing about the little girl , and they were very concerned .
they were also concerned about what it would mean for them .
they told me : “if the little girl is confirmed with ebola , we will have to start another 21 days of quarantine .
if her mother gets sick 10 days later , then the 21 days will start all over again .
it will be difficult for us to continue being compliant.” i hope that , because of the lessons learned from the current situation , the next ebola outbreak will never have the chance to get so out of control .
the houses in freetown are so close together , particularly in the densely populated ‘slum’ areas , and it is easy enough to disappear down a side alley – it is very easy to evade the quarantine .
however , in some neighbourhoods there is a lot of pressure from the community on people who are quarantined , since everyone knows who they are .
sometimes people decide to self-quarantine .
fewer cases- lessons learned of course it’s good news that liberia , guinea and sierra leone are all seeing fewer new ebola cases .
people are really tired and they want ebola to be gone from their communities .
there are also many organisations now running ebola management centres , doing infection control , outreach activities , and operating ambulance services .
but the reason the epidemic is still going on is that we – the international community – didn’t act fast enough at the time .
if another outbreak occurs , what should be done differently is increasing the speed of the response .
but this time , it won’t take these countries by surprise .
people have been trained , centres have been built , ambulance systems have been reinforced and triage practices are being improved .
i hope that , because of the lessons learned from the current situation , the next ebola outbreak will never have the chance to get so out of control.”
concerned , us airlines contact government about ebola by reuters u.s. airlines and their trade group airlines for america are in close contact with the centers for disease control and prevention on actions the u.s. government is taking to address ebola health concerns , according to a spokesperson for jetblue .
the statement comes a day after the first case of the deadly virus was diagnosed in dallas , texas , prompting concerns that others may have been exposed to ebola before the victim sought hospital treatment .
according to u.s. health officials , the man sought treatment six days after arriving in texas on sept. 20. the first patient diagnosed in the u.s. with an ebola infection traveled from liberia to texas via brussels , canadian chief public health officer greg taylor said on wednesday .
the stocks of several u.s. airlines fell in morning trading wednesday amid investors ' concern that fewer people will travel because of the virus .
jetblue shares fell about 2.7 percent to trade at $ 10.33 wednesday , while american airlines and delta air lines each fell about 3.1 percent .
the jetblue spokesperson added that airlines and airports remind their customers to follow cdc guidelines regarding travel when ill. meanwhile , canada has shipped small amounts of its experimental vaccine for the ebola virus to hospitals in geneva and atlanta , georgia for possible use by exposed health care workers , canadian chief public health officer greg taylor said on wednesday .
taylor said canada `` pre-shipped '' some vaccine to geneva some time ago , but that its donation to the world health organization of 800 to 1,000 doses remains in a canadian government lab .
canada also shipped some vaccine to atlanta 's emory university hospital and is considering shipping some of the vaccine to canadian hospitals as a precaution as well .
there is no fda-approved vaccine available for ebola .
experimental vaccines and treatments for ebola are under development , but they have not yet been fully tested for safety or effectiveness .
to protect yourself from ebola : do wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds or use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer .
do not touch the blood or other body fluids ( including but not limited to pee , poop , saliva , vomit , sweat and semen ) of people who have the ebola virus .
do not handle items that may have come in contact with a sick person’s blood or body fluids , like clothes , bedding , needles , or medical equipment .
do not touch the body of someone who has died of ebola .
the presence of the cdc logo and cdc content on this page should not be construed to imply endorsement by the us government of any commercial products or services , or to replace the advice of a medical professional .
the mark “cdc” is licensed under authority of the phs .
learn more prayer please pray for those we serve , asking god to improve their health and to transform their hearts with his love .
learn more volunteer looking for volunteer opportunities ?
learn more medical teams international | official blog get the latest updates from our programs in the field internationally and here in the united states .
fighting ebola : training of volunteers in liberia by katie carroll | aug 20 , 2014 thank you for your incredibly generous donations to our ebola response programs .
thanks to you , our response teams were able to successfully train 100 general community health volunteers - plus additional volunteer participants - in bomi county , liberia .
community health volunteers in training at the beginning of this month , mti began a four-month plan to support the bomi county health and social welfare team with ebola response .
response activities are focused on training all general community health volunteers on how ebola is transmitted and how it can be prevented .
the objective is to equip volunteers with information and skills to conduct health messages and awareness about ebola throughout the community .
this weekend , four teams trained volunteers through lectures , q & a sessions , group work , presentations and community mapping .
bomi county volunteers in training we could not provide this training without you !
the fight to stop the spread of ebola continues to be difficult , but your gifts are making a difference .
thank your for having a heart for those in most desperate need .
learn more about why community education is critical for liberian culture .
donate to our ebola response program .
how to get solution home search results search results for : inside story ebola how far away is a cure youtube mediagazer , note : because cookies are disabled , reloading this page will clear your settings .
refer to this page to reenable cookies..
through valley shadow death.. ebola survivor , 595 comments on must read !
through the valley of the shadow of death…dr .
ada igonoh survived ebola – this is her story .
the big takeover : rolling stone , from john and yoko to miley cyrus , annie leibovitz to david lachapelle , the cover of rolling stone has always been an art form in its own right.. ebola is claiming more lives in sierra leone - youtube the growing ebola outbreak in west africa serves as a grim reminder that deadly viruses are only a plane ride away from the usa , health experts say ... .
the hot zone : terrifying true story origins ... , the hot zone : terrifying true story origins ebola virus [ richard preston ] amazon.. *free* shipping qualifying offers .
bestselling ... . ebola plane ride usa - usa today : latest ... , the growing ebola outbreak west africa serves grim reminder deadly viruses plane ride usa , health experts .. health news & articles | healthy living - abc news , get latest health news dr. richard besser .
find stories medical research , latest health care trends health issues affect ... .
the hot zone : terrifying true story origins ... , currently viewing ... hot zone : terrifying true story origins ebola virus ( ebook ) pub .
date : 3/14/2012 publisher : knopf doubleday publishing group .
mediagazer , note : cookies disabled , reloading page clear settings .
through valley shadow death ... .. ebola survivor , 595 comments read !
igonoh survived ebola – story .
the big takeover : rolling stone , from john yoko miley cyrus , annie leibovitz david lachapelle , cover rolling stone art form .. first snow
does ebola virus cause cancer ?
yes sorry , something has gone wrong .
answers almost everything can cause one of the 200 kinds of cancer .
millie · 5 years ago · just now report abuse probably not .
even if it did , most of the people would die before developing cancer anyway .
· 5 years ago i think you die long before cancer would have a chance to develop .
justbeingher · 5 years ago i dont think that it does мєєиα · 5 years ago does ebola virus cause cancer ?
please upload a file larger than 100x100 pixels we are experiencing some problems , please try again .
you can only upload files of type png , jpg , or jpeg .
you can only upload files of type 3gp , 3gpp , mp4 , mov , avi , mpg , mpeg , or rm .
you can only upload photos smaller than 5 mb .
you can only upload videos smaller than 600mb .
you can only upload a photo ( png , jpg , jpeg ) or a video ( 3gp , 3gpp , mp4 , mov , avi , mpg , mpeg , rm ) .
you can only upload a photo or a video .
video should be smaller than < b > 600mb/5 minutes < /b > photo should be smaller than < b > 5mb < /b > video should be smaller than < b > 600mb/5 minutes < /b > photo should be smaller than < b > 5mb < /b > related questions
independent spain news & editorial analysis , in english fri , 13 feb 2015 22:42:28 +0000 hourly
ebola zombies : dead man wakes up just before burial [ video ] by minnie nair october 3 , 2014 22:35 ist share on linkedin just when you thought that it is easy to discard all `` ebola zombie '' stories as hoaxes and move on , here comes a twist .
the man was about to be buried when he moved his arms and showed signs of life .
youtube screengrab the man was about to be buried when he moved his arms and showed signs of life .
youtube screengrab abc good morning america 's dr richard besser has documented an episode of a man resurrecting , after being dead from ebola for a while .
according to besser 's report , he and his producer were driving back after an assignment in liberia 's monrovia , when they spotted an angry mob surrounding a dead man along the roadside with a burial team .
when besser got down to enquire what was happening , a localite told him that the man had died after being hit with the ebola virus .
despite several calls from the locals to get the man some medical help , no ambulance ever showed up .
however , when the man died , the burial team was sent within an hour .
the crowd immediately realised the man was alive , and the burial team unwrapped him and put him on the ground again .
the man apparently did not look like he would be alive for long , besser 's report says .
check out the video here : video courtesy : youtube/headerchannel an ambulance and a team of health officials were then sent to get the man and give him medical attention .
swiftly spreading cases of deadly ebola virus outbreak has left many in a state of shock and fear .
several cases of ebola victims coming back to life have been floating around online , and one liberian newspaper recently reported two such cases , causing further furor among people .
the victims , both females , believed to be in their 60s and 40s respectively , died of the ebola virus recently in hope village community and the catholic community in ganta , nimba , '' liberia-based newspaper the new dawn claimed earlier this week .
the allegedly dead women were identified as dorris quoi from the hope village community and ma kebeh from the catholic community .
the report also claimed that residents of the village were left panicking after witnessing the resurrection , and were not letting the resurrected women stay in the community anymore .
while many websites have dismissed the stories as bogus , including hoax-debunking site snopes.com , the latest report from besser is far from dismissible with a video footage accompanying the report .
according to a report by the world health organization , a total of 3,300 people have died from ebola and the death toll continues to soar .
ebola , a fatal disease in humans , is transmitted to people from wild animals and spreads in the human population through human-to-human transmission .
it causes acute illness and internal bleeding , leading to the death of the patient .
the current outbreak in west africa is the largest and most complex ebola outbreak since the virus was first discovered in 1976 , according to who website .
to read more about the disease , click here .
ebola scare at gatwick : 39 hours of panic after passenger collapses and dies getting off sierra leone flight 07:49 , 4 august 2014 by rebecca younger , andy lines the passenger was 'sweating and vomiting ' before her death but tests late last night ruled out the deadly tropical disease as the cause of her death .
share +1 airport staff told of their fears of an ebola outbreak after a passenger from sierra leone collapsed and died as she got off a plane at gatwick .
workers said they were terrified the virus could spread globally through the busy international hub from the west african country which is in the grip of the deadly epidemic .
the woman , said to be 72 , became ill on the gangway after she left a gambia bird jet with 128 passengers on board .
she died in hospital on saturday .
a total of 826 have died in west africa since the outbreak began in february .
tests were carried out to see if the woman had the disease .
the plane was quarantined as ­officials desperately tried to trace everyone who had been in contact with the woman .
airport workers faced an anxious wait to see if the woman had ebola .
one said : “everyone’s just ­petrified .
the next thing everybody was there… emergency crews , airfield operations , even immigration .
it stopped at banjul in the gambia before landing in gatwick at 8.15am on saturday after a five-hour flight .
public health england tried to allay fears of an ebola ­breakout in britain .
it said the woman showed no ­symptoms during the flight .
one ­official added : “public health england is aware a passenger arriving on a flight from the gambia that landed at gatwick airport on saturday fell ill shortly after disembarking .
communications chief janine compton said : “we attended gatwick airport at 8.30am on saturday to attend an adult female patient who was seriously ill. `` she was taken to east surrey hospital in redhill where she subsequently died.” a gatwick airport spokeswoman added : “a passenger collapsed after disembarking a flight from the gambia .
the cause of death is yet to be confirmed.” at around 11pm on sunday , the department of health said that tests for the deadly ebola virus on the woman who died at gatwick had proved negative .
there is no cure for ebola .
symptoms in the later stages include external and internal bleeding , vomiting and diarrhoea .
at this point the disease is highly contagious .
victims have a 90 % chance of dying , although doctors said in this epidemic the rate is 60 % .
the outbreak began in the forests of eastern guinea in february .
it quickly spread to liberia and sierra leone .
a jump in the number of cases and the death toll has raised international concern and placed under-resourced health facilities in the west african nations under strain .
last week , the ebola crisis was described as out of control by world health organisation chief margaret chan and could be ­“catastrophic” .
at the same time , sierra leone declared a state of emergency and called in troops to quarantine victims .
ms chan revealed 60 doctors , nurses and health care workers had now lost their lives trying to save others .
she said : “this outbreak is moving faster than our efforts to control it .
she told them : “this meeting must mark a turning point in the outbreak response.”
4.0 von 5 sternen stehen wir kurz vor der apokalypse ?
dezember 2014 von dr. r. manthey # 1 hall of fame rezensent top 50 rezensent format : taschenbuch in nigerias hauptstadt lagos leben ungefähr 21 millionen menschen .
als besonders vorbildlich ist das dortige gesundheitssystem nicht bekannt , und lagos liegt im gegensatz zu europa sehr dicht an den afrikanischen ebola-gebieten .
dennoch hat es das land geschafft , einen möglichen ausbruch der seuche trotz eingereister kranker und trotz offen gehaltener grenzen zu verhindern .
kürzlich erklärte sich nigeria als ebola-frei , weil es innerhalb eines zeitraumes , der mehr als doppelt so lang ist wie die inkubationszeit , keine neuen fälle gegeben hat .
setzt man das ins verhältnis zu den horrorszenarien , die in diesem buch als schlimmste fälle durchgespielt werden ( millionen von toten in deutschland usw .
es ist auch eine merkwürdige mediale ruhe um den ebola-ausbruch in afrika eingetreten , gerade jetzt , wo man nach den vorangegangenen berichten das schlimmste befürchten sollte .
jedes jahr sterben nach angaben des autors mehr als 30.000 menschen in deutschland an der jeweils grassierenden grippe .
als vor jahren eine erhebliche mediale panik bezüglich sars betrieben wurde , fielen dieser krankheit weltweit weniger als tausend menschen zum opfer .
über die letzte `` schweinegrippe-welle '' , den ausruf der höchsten warnstufe durch die who und die anschließenden enthüllungen über die tatsächlichen zusammenhänge verliert der autor leider kein wort in seinem buch .
dafür findet der aufgeschreckte leser aber eine recht ausführliche beschreibung der gefährlichsten seuchen , die ängstliche menschen vielleicht als tatsächliche bedrohung auffassen .
ausgerechnet zu einer zeit , in der unsere antibiotika ihre wirkung verlieren .
obwohl dieses buch informativ und sachlich verfasst wurde und obwohl ich den autor wegen seiner vorherigen veröffentlichungen schätze , konnte ich mich des zunehmenden eindrucks nicht erwehren , dass er mit diesem buch etwas auf der medialen angstwelle surft .
die bedrohungen sind zwar vorhanden , aber ihre eintrittswahrscheinlichkeiten muss man nach allem , was man bisher weiß , als relativ gering ansehen .
obendrein begreift man mit diesem text auch , dass man letzten endes wenig tun kann , wenn der ernstfall eintritt : hände waschen , menschenansammlungen meiden , sein immunsystem möglichst vorher stärken .
weglaufen hat bei einer seuche keinen sinn .
lässt man die apokalyptischen beschreibungen des schlimmsten falls in diesem buch einmal beiseite , dann findet man viele sehr interessante informationen , die man schließlich selbst für sich bewerten kann .
der autor beginnt ganz allgemein mit der vorstellung von krankheitskeimen und der größten seuchen in der menschheitsgeschichte .
dann erklärt er , warum wir in unserer modernen welt so anfällig für die sogenannten killer-keime sind .
das klingt theoretisch sehr überzeugend und bedrohlich , doch praktisch fehlt für diese theoretische anfälligkeit bisher glücklicherweise der beweis .
dann folgt ein kapitel über die agonie der antibiotika .
das nächste kapitel trägt die bedrohliche überschrift `` die zukunft der krankheitserreger und das überleben der menschheit '' .
schließlich macht uns der autor auch noch mit den aktuellen bedrohungen vertraut .
wer sich noch nicht von der kamelseuche mers bedroht fühlte , könnte seine meinung auch im angesicht des klimawandels ändern .
die kamele sind schon auf dem vormarsch .
zu guter letzt wollen wir auch nicht die bio-terroristen vergessen , die sich schon bauanleitungen für tödliche viren aus dem internet heruntergeladen haben .
zu erwarten haben wir in diesem zusammenhang milzbrand , pest , tularämie , rotz , melioidose , ebola , pocken und influenza .
trotz des unterschwelligen apokalyptischen untertons , der fast bei jedem kapitel dieses buches mitschwingt , erhält man als leser in recht geballter form zahlreiche informationen und einblicke in ein aus verschiedenen gründen nicht einfaches thema .
in diesem sinne hat mir das buch sehr gut gefallen .
lesen sie weiter ... › von heinz j�rg behrens format : taschenbuch das neue buch von bernd neumann ist gerade ein paar tage erschienen , da belegt eine neue horror-meldung die brennende aktualität seines themas .
auf madagaskar ist die pest ausgebrochen .
die grausigste aller pandemien , die im mittelalter in europa geschätzte 20 bis 40 millionen menschen dahinraffte .
heute reisen die killerkeime in wenigen stunden per touristenklasse von kontinent zu kontinent .
wo lauern die wirklichen gefahren ?
wie gut ist unser gesundheitssystem auf die alten und neuen seuchen vorbereitet ?
was können wir selbst tun ?
bernd neumanns buch gibt die antworten .
sorgfältig recherchiert , klar beschrieben .
ohne in die panikmache der zeterer und mordioten zu verfallen .
the jerry doyle show ebola , peter roff , state department , the jerry doyle show nationally syndicated talk show host jerry doyle was joined by the contributing editor at u.s. news & world report , peter roff , thursday to talk about his latest article on a leaked plan out of the state department for the us to treat foreign citizens for ebola at the cdc headquarters in atlanta , georgia .
naturally , now that the plans been outed , the state department is backpedaling – and you won’t believe how they tried to explain it away .
take a listen here : formerly a senior political writer for united press international , peter roff is now affiliated with several public policy organizations including let freedom ring , and frontiers of freedom .
his writing has appeared in national review , fox news’ opinion section , the daily caller , politico and elsewhere follow him on twitter : @ peterroff if you like what you’re hearing and you’d like to hear more of it , sign up for the jerry doyle show podcast .
it’s delivered right to you , on your terms , so you can listen to it when and where you want .
click here to find out more .
100 % tevredenheidsgarantie uh oh ... unknown 0 can’t display all the features of our site .
may we suggest an alternative browser ?
because you won’t want to miss out on all this goodness .
het overhemd van de waarde van ebola van obama tshirts
usaid , broad institute and illumina partner to combat ebola november 19 , 2014 the u.s. agency for international development ( usaid ) , the broad institute of mit and harvard , and illumina , inc. today announced they have entered into a public-private partnership to help combat the ebola epidemic in west africa .
the partnership will train local and outbreak-deployed personnel to sequence viral genomes from the outbreak , and will extend surveillance operations .
genome sequencing of the virus is critical for genomic surveillance—tracking how the virus is moving and changing in real-time .
this information may influence the development of diagnostics , vaccines , and therapies .
the partnership will equip facilities in west africa with state-of-the-art genome sequencing technology that will aid in ebola response now and in clinical monitoring and pathogen surveillance in the future .
sequencing and patient monitoring facilities will be created first in liberia , nigeria , senegal , and sierra leone , and over the longer term in other west african countries .
these centers will serve as hubs for the deployment of mobile laboratories to remote districts where large-scale capacity is not available .
leveraging this experience , the team will also move to enable similar work in liberia , the country hit hardest by the outbreak .
and , importantly , this partnership will build long-term strength in africa for genomic surveillance.” “this is an urgent situation that needs our immediate attention , ” said rick klausner , chief medical officer of illumina .
how many people have died from ebola of around 1500 identified ebola cases , two-thirds of the patients have died .
0 login or sign up to answer this question .
related ebola questions people have been buried with some really bizarre items throughout history .
take a look at this list of the craziest !
related ebola quizzes what kind of makeout partner are you ?
take this quiz to find out if you 're a sweet , passionate , or aggressive lip locker .
chacha apps terms of use © copyright 2006- chacha search , inc. – experimental use , all rights reserved , may be covered by us or foreign patents or patents pending .
sign in to your chacha account email : forgot password ?
sign up for a chacha account sign up for chacha and you 'll be able to easily get answers from thousands of chacha guides on the web and on your mobile phone , see your answer history , and stay up to date with the latest updates from chacha .
401 x 427 px | 5.57 x 5.93 in | 72 dpi low 574 x 611 px | 7.97 x 8.49 in | 72 dpi medium 1,680 x 1,789 px | 5.60 x 5.96 in | 300 dpi high 3,059 x 3,258 px | 10.20 x 10.86 in | 300 dpi very high 3,950 x 4,207 px | 13.17 x 14.02 in | 300 dpi vector
u bevindt zich op : home › e › ebola › ebola outbreak in west africa 2014 ebola outbreak in west africa 2014 frequently asked questions about ebola since february , there has been an outbreak of ebola in west africa , which probably originated in the rain forest in southeast guinea , presumably after eating contaminated animals .
the outbreak then spread through funeral rituals .
people in liberia and sierra leone have also been contaminated .
circa 70 % of sufferers eventually die of the consequences of the virus .
the world health organization , doctors without borders and unicef support local governments in providing information to prevent infection , separating and caring for sufferers and tracing people who have had contact with sick people .
various diseases in west africa present similar symptoms as ebola .
a laboratory test can establish with certainty that ebola is concerned .
the world health organization and the european centre for disease prevention and control are keeping rivm informed on a daily basis about the state of affairs in west africa .
the chance of a traveller bringing the ebola disease to the netherlands is extremely limited , but not entirely impossible .
people can only be contaminated with the ebola virus after immediate contact with other contaminated people or animals .
rivm has made agreements with aid organisations and repatriation organisations to take care of people who have been at risk .
alpha condé : `` il faut casser la peur d'ebola '' international alpha condé : `` il faut casser la peur d'ebola '' europe 1barthélémy gaillard publié à 08h08 , le 30 septembre 2014 , modifié à 13h47 , le 30 septembre 2014 dossiers : 0 0 interview e1 - le président guinéen s'est voulu rassurant : pour lui , la situation est sous contrôle ... en guinée du moins .
invité de la matinale de thomas sotto sur europe 1 , le président guinéen alpha condé a tenu à apparaître rassurant .
il ne faut pas que l'épidémie d'ebola contamine les esprits et garder en tête que si la personne infectée est prise en charge à temps , `` il a 70 % de chance de guérir '' .
c'est en substance le message délivré par le président de la république , qui s'est d'ailleurs félicité du soutien apporté par françois hollande et la france en général .
il a également cité l'exemple d'air france , qui n'a pas fermé ses vols à destination de conakry , la capitale du pays .
parallèlement , il a affirmé qu'il `` comprenait '' l'attitude de l'arabie saoudite qui a interdit aux fidèles guinéens , sierra-léonais et libériens de venir faire le hajj , le pèlerinage de la mecque .
ebola : `` il faut casser la peur '' par europe1fr la guinée `` plus organisée '' .
au-delà de la france , alpha condé a également remercié l'ensemble de la communauté internationale qui `` s'est beaucoup mobilisée '' .
enfin , le président guinéen a prêché pour sa chapelle , insistant sur la différence entre la situation de la guinée et de son voisin libérien .
les gens mis en quarantaine ont traversé la frontière , c'est ainsi que l'épidémie s'est propagée en guinée .
mais la situation est plus stable chez nous , on est plus structurés et organisés '' , a-t-il déclaré .
l'épidémie ebola a déjà tué plus de 3.000 personnes depuis fin 2013 d'après les chiffres de l'organisation mondiale de la santé ( oms ) .
ebola in u.s. texas health officials sent patient home despite just arriving from africa cp | by david warren , the associated press posted : reddit dallas - health officials in texas say they have reached out to about 80 people who may have had direct or indirect contact with the man infected with ebola or someone close to him .
dallas county health and human services spokeswoman erikka neroes said thursday about 80 people are now part of the `` contact investigation .
she says the number includes 12 to 18 people who first came into contact with thomas eric duncan , as well as others known to have secondhand contact .
health officials have educated the people on the symptoms of ebola and told them to notify health workers if they feel ill. health officials are focusing on containment to try to keep the virus from spreading .
duncan recently travelled from liberia to dallas .
more : please check the checkbox to indicate your consent options get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.. facebook
ebola ebbing in west africa but vigilance needed : who reuters | updated : jan 22 , 2015 17:05 ist health workers take the temperature of a boy who came in contact with a woman who died of ebola virus in the paynesville neighborhood of monrovia , liberia , january 21 , 2015 .
sierra leone remains hardest-hit , accounting for 117 of the 145 new confirmed cases , against 184 there the previous week and 248 the week before that , the who said in its latest update .
every 10 days the number of new cases is halving in guinea -- where , at 20 , the figure was the lowest since early august , it said .
in liberia , where confirmed cases last week fell to 8 from a peak of more than 300 per week in august and september , it takes two weeks to halve , and in sierra leone nearly 20 days .
show full article in all , there have been 21,724 cases of ebola reported in nine countries in the past year since the epidemic began in guinea , including 8,641 deaths , the who said .
the virus has been stamped out in mali , nigeria and senegal , and there have been no further cases among foreign health workers returning to britain , spain or the united states , although a british nurse is recovering in hospital in london .
to date , 828 health care workers have been infected in the three worst-hit countries , including 499 who died , it said.u.n .
agencies need a final $ 1 billion to fight the deadly ebola epidemic as experts move to a new phase involving a massive detective operation to trace remaining cases , u.n. ebola chief david nabarro said on wednesday .
the who 's emergency committee on ebola said on wednesday that passengers should still be screened on leaving guinea , liberia and sierra leone for temperature or other signs of infection.the independent experts said in a statement that `` more than 40 countries have implemented additional measures , such as quarantine of returning travellers and refusal of entry .
such measures are impeding the recruitment and return of international responders .
ebola : the fine line between medical martial law and common sense a man in texas who is thought to be infected with ebola may be taken into custody against his will .
is this the beginning of medical martial law , or is this a common sense practice to prevent the spread of a deadly disease ?
thus far , due to medical privacy laws , the man is unnamed .
here’s an excerpt from yesterday’s courthouse news service : texas wants a second patient “reasonably suspected of being infected” with ebola put into protective custody in dallas .
dr. david l. lakey , commissioner of the texas department of state health services , filed a motion for a temporary order of protective custody monday in dallas county court .
the unidentified patient , sued as “m.w.l. , ” is “reasonably suspected of being infected with a communicable disease ( ebola ) that presents an immediate threat to public health , ” the 4-page motion states .
further , sources charged with monitoring the proposed patient m.w.l .
i’m a hardcore libertarian who believes that the state should not have authority over my day-to-day activities .
but… do we really want people with a gruesome , deadly , infectious disease running around willy-nilly ; touching things ; potentially vomiting , coughing , sneezing , and bleeding out of assorted orifices ; and contaminating sundry doorknobs , public transit , and gathering places ?
i’m not saying that this m.w.l .
fellow has any intention of deliberately making people sick , but still .
is this actually a horrible thing ?
i know the headlines are going to be all over the place , calling this “medical martial law” .
it’s inevitable , because we are all very protective our our personal liberties .
but…how is it that some of the people who are the most up in arms about illegal immigrants being potential sources of disease , and about us customs’ complete disregard of health protocols at international airports are the same people who are screaming about this being unacceptable ?
you can’t have it both ways .
the ebola situation in the us has been handled horribly thus far .
as my friends at truthstream media said , it’s like a badly written horror film .
you just want to grab those in charge and shake some sense into them .
don’t go into that dark forest to investigate the noise .
personally , i can’t understand why someone who might be ill with ebola would want to risk contributing to the start of a horrible pandemic , but for those who don’t take personal responsibility for that sort of thing , is it really a bad thing for them to chill out at home until they’re clear ?
here’s where the slippery slope part comes in .
i don’t want to be forcibly vaccinated .
i don’t want to be thrown into a fema camp with a bunch of sick people because i’m suspected of being sick .
i don’t want to be medicated against my will .
but i also would not leave my house if i was ill with what “might” be ebola .
i would take the responsibility of isolating myself so that i didn’t make others sick .
or alternatively , i’d cover up and go to the hospital in order to be isolated. heck , if i even think it’s in my city , i’ll lock down preventatively .
this may make me none-too-popular , but i just can’t think it’s okay for those who are showing symptoms of ebola to be allowed to wander around the city .
we expect officials to perform medical checks and quarantine people at the border .
we expect hospitals to immediately admit people who could be ill and we chastise them for doing stupid stuff …you know , like sending away thomas duncan .
keeping people who are potentially ill and contagious isolated is not a bad thing .
forcing them to undergo medical treatment or exposing them to other sick people is a bad thing .
melissa melton of the daily sheeple agrees that preventative actions should be taken to contain a potential pandemic outbreak : how about this ?
how about if someone has even been in those countries , they have to wait 21 days before coming here in a preventative quarantine ?
i’m certainly not for martial law or taking away anyone’s rights , but at this point if they show up here with ebola , the cdc will quarantine them and take away their rights anyway , as we are now seeing with duncan’s family members in dallas who are on a 21-day control order that forces them to stay inside and make themselves available for any and all medical tests public health officials deem necessary on demand , or they will face criminal charges .
so , either way , rights are not being upheld .
might as well not put a bunch of other people in mortal danger while we are already on the slip ‘n slide straight to global pandemic land .
so how can we also criticize them for isolating someone who might potentially spread the disease to thousands ?
i’m not advocating forcible medical treatment , but i don’t think it’s wrong to quarantine a person showing all of the signs of a deadly illness .
this is not “medical martial law” .
who can honestly say it’s okay for people to go around spreading a horrific bloody plague ?
when people refuse to act like responsible human beings and put others in harm’s way , it ceases to become an issue of personal liberty and turns into an issue of potential criminal negligence .
i know opinions will vary greatly on this .
should a person showing the signs of ebola be allowed to go on their merry way , potentially infecting others ?
should they be required to stay home under mandatory quarantine ?
where do we draw the line ?
an ambulance transporting nancy writebol , an american missionary stricken with ebola , arrives at emory university hospital , tuesday , aug. 5 , 2014 , in atlanta .
writebol was expected to join another u.s. aid worker , dr. kent brantly , in a special isolation unit .
ap photo/david goldman shares more + last updated aug 6 , 2014 5:58 pm edt public fear of the ebola virus has begun to spread far beyond west africa , where it has taken the lives of more than 900 people .
medical institutions in the u.s. and beyond are on alert to identify and immediately isolate any patient who presents with symptoms that may be related to the illness .
what exactly are doctors looking for when they suspect a patient may have the ebola virus ?
officials try to contain the largest-ever ebola outbreak that has spread across west africa since march and infected thousands ebola , which has a mortality rate between 60 and 96 percent , is a systemic virus , meaning it impacts all organs that control various functions in the body .
but before it attacks the gastrointestinal , respiratory , vascular , muscular , neurological and immune systems , ebola starts off looking a lot like the flu .
at its onset , a patient may experience fatigue , fever , headache , sore throat and pain in the joints and muscles .
the initial symptoms are so common that the centers for disease control and prevention says cases are often misdiagnosed .
as the virus begins to take hold of the body , gastrointestinal illness , such as abdominal pain , vomiting , diarrhea and loss of appetite will occur .
a patient may have labored breathing , trouble swallowing and chest pain .
a rash , excessive bruising and bloody blisters of the skin are among the visual manifestations of the infection .
with the outbreak of the ebola virus in west africa , new questions are being raised about the disease .
ebola , and its cousin the marburg virus , can cause hemorrhaging of multiple organs , as well as external bleeding from various orifices of the body including the ears and eyes .
while the excessive bleeding certainly elicits more horror than any other symptoms , the bleeding itself is rarely fatal and not every patient develops it .
people die from complications associated with the virus , often shock due to leaking of blood vessels .
other factors may be multiple organ failure , low blood pressure , jaundice , delirium , seizures and coma .
health officials say it is not yet understood why some patients manage to recover , while so many others die .
as a result of the current outbreak , researchers have stepped up efforts to develop a vaccine and experimental drugs to combat ebola infection .
but in the meantime , doctors must rely on supportive therapies to manage symptoms and complications while the disease runs its course .
these measures may include giving a patient intravenous fluids and electrolytes for dehydration , maintaining blood pressure , giving transfusions to replace blood lost due to hemorrhaging , as well as treating any subsequent infections that result from the virus .
dr. bruce ribner , who specializes in infectious diseases at emory university school of medicine and is spearheading care for the two americans who contracted the virus while serving as volunteers in the region , said friday that his team would give both patients a shot at survival by providing care to alleviate acute symptoms .
we just have to keep the patient alive long enough , in order to survive the infection , '' he said .
'wat heb ik aan 3 ebolafolders als ik geen schoon drinkwater heb ?
' 18/02/15 om 11:50 - bijgewerkt om 11:50 artsen zonder grenzen ( azg ) 'maakt zich zorgen ' over de grote overschotten van ebola-pakken nu het virus zich minder snel verspreidt .
ook de nederlandse anneke de kok-quoi , die in liberia woont , vraagt zich af of de reactie op ebola niet op big business begint te lijken .
afdrukken beschermingskledij ebola © reuters de bestrijding van het ebola-virus in het westen van afrika gebeurt grillig , schrijft de nederlandse krant het financiële dagblad .
in het najaar van 2014 luidden verschillende hulporganisaties de alarmbel .
er was een groot tekort aan financiële middelen , medisch personeel en materiaal zoals beschermingspakken .
'sommige beschermingspakken zijn nog steeds moeilijk te verkrijgen , maar op dit moment maken we ons meer zorgen over de mogelijke overschotten ' , zegt inkoopcoördinator roel zaat van artsen zonder grenzen in de krant .
hij doelt daarbij voornamelijk op sierra leone waar de snelle verspreiding van het ebola-virus afneemt .
'er zijn veel hulporganisaties actief .
we moeten ervoor waken dat er niet te veel tegelijkertijd het veld worden ingestuurd , klinkt het .
shanelle hall , hoofd inkoop bij unicef in kopenhagen , vindt het nog te vroeg om te spreken van een overschot .
'het tekort is alleszins al wel voorbij .
' overschot of niet , zaat legt hier de vinger op de wonde .
meermaals werd al aangevoerd dat de internationale gemeenschap veel te laat in gang schoot om de ebola-epidemie in te dammen .
en wanneer dat eind 2014 toch gebeurde , werd niet steeds rekening gehouden met de juiste noden .
'de aanwezigheid van amerikaanse militairen verandert niets aan de wortels van de epidemie , zoals de gebrekkige gezondheidsinfrastructuur en de armoede ' , aldus simon rushton , onderzoeker aan de universiteit van sheffield in groot-brittannië .
de nederlandse anneke de kok-quoi , die sinds 2003 in liberia woont , vraagt zich in een bijdrage voor het nederlandse tijdschrift voor geneeskunde af of de de reactie op ebola niet op 'big business ' begint lijken ?
'hulporganisaties gaan van deur tot deur met folders , en schrijven de namen en gegevens van de bewoners op die ze bezocht hebben .
bewoners worden soms boos na meerdere bezoeken van verschillende hulporganisaties .
wat heb ik aan drie ebolafolders als ik nog steeds niet behandeld kan worden voor malaria of geen toegang heb tot schoon drinkwater omdat de gemeenschappelijke waterput leeg staat ?
' , citeert ze een bewoner .
3,3 miljoen dollar 'kwijt ' afgelopen week raakte nog bekend dat de regering in sierra leone het spoor bijster is van 3,3 miljoen dollar aan noodfondsen .
volgens onderzoekers van een rapport dat werd voorgesteld in het parlement , is er voor een bedrag van in totaal 14 miljard leone ( omgerekend 3,3 miljoen dollar ) geen enkel document over contracten te vinden .
voor nog eens een bedrag van 11 miljard leone is het papierwerk onvolledig , luidt het .
'deze audit toont duidelijk aan dat er nog steeds fouten worden gemaakt op vlak van het beheer van financiën in sierra leone , en die hebben nu geleid tot het verlies van fondsen en een slechtere dienstverlening in de sector van de gezondheidszorg ' , staat in het rapport te lezen .
patient with ebola-like symptoms at belleville general hospital by emily mountney-lessard , the intelligencer first posted : monday , october 13 , 2014 01:03 pm edt | updated : monday , october 13 , 2014 05:54 pm edt hastings and prince edward counties medical officer of health dr. richard schabas and quinte healthcare chief of staff dr. dick zoutman address media at belleville general hospital monday afternoon , regarding a patient displaying ebola-like symptoms .
emily mountney-lessard/the intelligencer/qmi agency ebola a man with ebola-like symptoms has been isolated at belleville general hospital .
health care officials , however , are confident that the risk of the patient actually having ebola is extremely low .
dr. dick zoutman , quinte health care chief of staff and a nationally recognized infection control expert , along with dr. richard schabas , the hastings prince edward medical officer of health , spoke to media monday afternoon at belleville general hospital regarding the patient exhibiting possible ebola symptoms .
a patient was also admitted with ebola-like symptoms to the ottawa hospital monday .
the local patient arrived at belleville general hospital around 3 a.m. monday morning and told staff he had developed symptoms consistent with ebola – including fever and diarrhea – after travelling abroad which included a short stop in sierra leone .
the patient was isolated immediately .
doctors say the man was in sierra leone for less than one day .
doctors revealed few personal details about the patient .
they did say he is not a healthcare worker but would not confirm if the patient is a member of the military .
however , we are taking all of the required precautions to make sure there is no spread and the patient is well looked after , ” said zoutman .
testing is being done through the national microbiology lab in winnipeg .
results were expected to be available late monday or early tuesday .
zoutman said preparations at quinte healthcare and the health unit have worked “very well” , adding just five minutes elapsed from the time the patient arrived at the hospital to the time he was isolated .
the hospital already had an isolation room prepared , with necessary equipment , available for instances like this .
schabas said public health was notified “very early on” in the process and he has been working closely with the qhc team regarding management of the patient .
it is transmitted by close contact with blood and body fluids of an infected individual .
the infectiousness of a person is very strongly correlated with how ill they are .
even somebody in the very early stages of infection , while theoretically they can be infectious , they are very unlikely to spread the infection.” schabas expects hospitals will see “many instances” of this over the next few weeks as health care workers and others return from areas with ebola , and develop symptoms that are suggestive or consistent with early ebola disease .
we’re going to become very used to it and probably the media interest will wane after a few of these , hopefully , false alarms.” the median incubation period of ebola – from when a person is infected to when they start to show symptoms – is five to seven days .
surviving ebola : paddy clancy on the bravery of journalists who report on the horrors of the killer disease the health workers are the brave ones , true , but the reporters who spend time there are also courageous share linkedin getty a liberian health department burial team disinfects their protective clothing after retrieving the body of a woman suspected of dying of the ebola virus i’ve just seen a proof video of an investigative programme on ebola going out on television later this week .
it is horrifying what is happening in west africa .
if it was on our doorstep there would be panic .
and don’t forget , it could come unless the western world takes immediate steps to regard the ebola outbreak in africa as a crisis needing international action .
the programme to go out on channel 4 features a young irish woman who spent more than two weeks in among people desperately fighting to save west africa from being swamped with the deadly virus .
shaunagh connaire from longford is the reporter on the documentary .
her work prompted me to look closer at what is being done to combat the disease .
i found one of the heroes is a dr gabriel fitzpatrick from monaghan who has just returned from sierra leone .
he is chairperson of medicins sans frontieres ireland – that’s doctors without borders – who do amazing work in stricken lands where serious illness is regularly accompanied by dire poverty .
this week he is talking in dublin about his work with msf’s ebola treatment centre in sierra leone and his work travelling to remote jungle villages to trace new cases of the disease .
in west africa , history’s worst-ever ebola outbreak has sown terror in countries with virtually no health care infrastructure of their own .
in roughly four months the world health organisation ( who ) has confirmed something close to 2,700 deaths with an estimated 10 per cent of the dead being health care workers .
dr fitzpatrick or any of the people working with him stand a one in 10 chance of dying because they are trying to save people in africa .
he could be making a much more comfortable living at home with no health risks , but he chooses to do extraordinary work .
dr fitzpatrick is talking this week about his experience in sierra leone .
however , space at his venue , the royal college of physicians in dubllin , is limited .
but i can recommend the channel 4 documentary , “surviving ebola” , on the unreported world series at 7.30pm on friday for anybody anxious to learn the damage ebola is doing .
shaunagh connaire reckons the most disturbing sight of her life was filming a tiny girl aged seven with no clothes being pulled from an ambulance outside an ebola hospital and crying that she was cold .
she saw that patient die the same night .
it was shocking , very disturbing.” shaunagh , 30 , from longford town , was one of the first television reporters to arrive in the ebola -stricken country of sierra leone .
as she followed medical teams alerted about suspected break-outs of the illness she encountered a 25-year-old woman whose father-in-law had already died .
the woman , an ebola suspect , was placed in the back of a hearse to be taken on a two-hour journey to hospital .
hearses frequently carry the sick as well as the dead because there are not enough ambulances to deal with the escalating emergency .
shaunagh tells in her documentary how nobody touched each other for fear of passing the infection and the woman was unable to reach to her husband and children as they said good-bye and she was driven away from their village .
next day the same hearse , again operating as an ambulance , carried the woman’s husband to hospital as an ebola suspect .
shaunagh said it took eight weeks for president ernest bai koroma to acknowledge his country was in crisis .
london-based shaunagh wore no protective clothing .
as the illness can only be transferred through touch , shaunagh remained a couple of metres apart from suspects , with orange barriers between them , and touched nobody during her stay .
on her return to london she monitored herself for 21 days without touching or hugging anybody .
she emphasises she could parachute in and out any time she wished .
the health workers are the brave ones .
but the reporters who spend time there are also courageous .
if people like shaunagh weren’t prepared to risk their own health the world wouldn’t know what sacrifices medics make , including sometimes losing their own lives , to improve science in an effort to keep us all safe from killer diseases .
sierra leone 's top ebola doctor dies from virus sierra leone 's top ebola doctor dies from virus reuters july 29 , 2014 freetown ( reuters ) - sierra leone 's top doctor fighting an outbreak of ebola has died from the virus , the country 's chief medical officer , brima kargbo , said on tuesday .
sheik umar khan , who was credited with treating more than 100 patients , was infected with ebola this month and had been moved to a treatment ward run by medical charity medecins sans frontieres in the far north of the country .
study examines important ebola protein dec 10 , 2014 enlarge a scanning electron micrograph of ebola virus budding from a cell ( african green monkey kidney epithelial cell line ) .
credit : niaid a new study by robert stahelin , an adjunct associate professor of chemistry and biochemistry at the university of notre dame and an associate professor at the indiana university school of medicine-south bend , as well as a member of notre dame 's eck institute for global health , investigates how the most abundant protein that composes the ebola virus , vp 40 , mediates replication of a new viral particle .
in essence , ebola vp40 is assembling on phosphatidylserine-enriched regions of human cells to form the long filamentous virus particle we are so familiar with seeing .
in assessing the status of the current ebola outbreak , stahelin sees both cause for hope and cause for concern .
the recent spread to mali is of concern .
new insights into ebola infection pave the way for much-needed therapies may 07 , 2013 the ebola virus is among the deadliest viruses on the planet , killing up to 90 % of those infected , and there are no approved vaccines or effective therapies .
a study published by cell press on may 7th in ...
sperm can carry ebola for 82 days : who nov 28 , 2014 sperm can carry the ebola virus for at least 82 days , the world health organization said friday , urging men recovering from the disease to use condoms for three months after the onset of symptoms .
'transformer ' protein provides new insights into ebola virus disease may 16 , 2014 ( phys.org ) —a new study reveals that a protein of the ebola virus can transform into three distinct shapes , each with a separate function that is critical to the virus 's survival .
each shape offers a potential ... who revises ebola toll nov 01 , 2014 the world health organization friday revised its figures showing more people killed by the deadly ebola virus , but the number of cases of the disease was slightly lower .
scientists find a protein that inhibits ebola from reaching out to infect neighboring cells mar 04 , 2008 scientists at the university of pennsylvania school of veterinary medicine have identified a protein , isg15 , that inhibits the ebola virus from budding , the process by which viruses escape from cells and spread to infect ... furin – the answer to the ebola crises ?
nov 12 , 2014 with an estimated fatality rate of 52 % , the need to discover a cure for ebola has never been more urgent .
new research published in journal of biomolecular structure and dynamics this month suggests that scientists curren ...
recommended for you how water molecules dance to activate proteins 7 hours ago an international team of researchers has shed light on the molecular mechanism behind the importance of water for functional protein dynamics .
the scientists have discovered that water 's ability to flow on the ...
targeting one enzyme is the key to tackling two tropical diseases 8 hours ago a way to combat malaria developed by scientists at imperial college london and the university of york may also be effective against the deadly tropical disease leishmaniasis , new research has shown .
rare african bush may help kidney cancer treatment 21 hours ago new university of leeds research has shown why a bush that is only found in some african countries could hold a key to killing renal ( kidney ) cancer cells .
spherical nucleic acids set stage for new paradigm in drug development mar 16 , 2015 a research team led by northwestern university nanomedicine expert chad a. mirkin and sergei gryaznov of aurasense therapeutics is the first to show spherical nucleic acids ( snas ) can be used as potent drugs to effectively ... sugar key to cellular protein protection and viability mar 16 , 2015 a simon fraser university laboratory 's breakthrough in understanding how a specialized sugar regulates protein levels in our cells could generate new targets for therapies to treat diseases caused by improper protein regulation .
british national tests positive for ebola virus in sierra leone posted on aug 23 2014 - 5:49pm by nollywood reporter do n't forget to like us on facebook and follow on twitter .
a british national living in sierra leone has tested positive for ebola .
it is the first reported case of a briton contracting the deadly virus during the recent outbreak .
the department of health ( doh ) said the overall risk to those in the uk “continues to be very low” .
some 1,427 people have died since ebola began spreading in west africa at what the world health organisation has described as an “unprecedented” rate .
the number of cases in the region now stands at 2,615 .
the virus , which is spread between humans through direct contact with infected blood , attacks internal organs and has no known cure .
symptoms include high fever , bleeding and central nervous system damage – and the fatality rate can be as high as 90 % .
‘assessing situation’ ivory coast , the largest economy in francophone west africa , had already imposed a ban on flights to and from sierra leone as well as liberia and guinea .
in a statement , the doh said medical experts were “assessing the situation to ensure that appropriate care is delivered” .
consular assistance is being provided , the statement added .
deputy chief medical officer prof john watson said : “the overall risk to the public in the uk continues to be very low .
sharing ebola raises profile of blood-based therapy convalescent plasma therapy is trialled to fight ebola , but could also be used for new and emerging pathogens .
rights & permissions michel du cille/the washington post via getty images survivors of ebola carry antibodies that might be used to save the lives of those infected with the virus .
with no drugs available to treat ebola , eyes are turning to a therapy that had largely been relegated to the history books : transfusing patients with blood plasma donated by survivors , which contains antibodies against the virus .
clinical trials of convalescent plasma therapy ( cpt ) have started in the past few weeks in liberia , and are due to begin soon in guinea and sierra leone .
if the therapy saves lives , the approach could quickly be scaled up .
success would also raise awareness of cpt’s potential to treat other new and emerging infectious diseases for which there are no readily available effective drugs or vaccines , such as sars , avian influenza and middle east respiratory syndrome ( mers ) .
many scientists have long argued that cpt has been wrongly neglected , both as a therapy for emerging diseases and in preparation for future unknown threats .
today , the approach is gaining ground .
trials of convalescent plasma are beginning for the treatment of patients with mers , which has infected 938 people and killed 343 of them since it was discovered in 2012 .
and an international protocol aimed at removing hurdles to quickly rolling out trials of convalescent plasma has recently been drafted .
convalescent plasma was found to effectively treat diphtheria and tetanus at the end of the nineteenth century , and was widely used in the first half of the twentieth century to treat diseases such as measles , mumps and pneumonia .
but it fell off the radar after the development of antibiotics , antiviral drugs and vaccines .
they are easier to mass-produce and administer , and their quality and dosing can be better controlled .
cpt is more complicated — it requires collecting survivors’ blood , screening it for pathogens and then organizing patient transfusion .
and standardizing batches of plasma is difficult , because antibody levels in donated blood can vary widely .
but an epidemic or pandemic of a new pathogen turns that logic on its head .
as in the case of the ebola epidemic , there are typically no drugs or vaccines available , and developing these usually takes years .
by contrast , “convalescent plasma is one of the few things you can get up and running quickly” , says calum semple , a paediatrician and clinical virologist at the university of liverpool , uk , who is involved in the guinea ebola trial .
trials for ebola and other emerging diseases “should have happened years ago” , he adds .
he points out that the therapy is often considered old-fashioned and that there are neither big profits to be made nor cutting-edge-science interests at stake .
results from the first safety and efficacy trials in west africa are expected within weeks .
if the therapy is effective , many of the thousands of ebola survivors there will be potential donors , each capable of giving up to one litre of plasma every two weeks .
there is also growing evidence to support the broader testing of cpt .
a 2006 review of 8 studies carried out during the 1918 flu pandemic 1 , and a review published last july of 32 studies on sars or severe influenza 2 , both suggest that plasma can be an effective treatment .
and a 2010 modelling study 3 concluded that in a full-blown flu pandemic , the infrastructure of developed countries could probably harvest sufficient plasma from survivors for population-wide treatment of the ill. “it’s not the be-all and end-all , but it is certainly a potentially power­ful and effective tool to add to our armamentarium , ” says stephen hoffman , a co-author of the 2006 review and chief executive of malaria-vaccine company sanaria in rockville , maryland .
even relatively poor countries often have a good-enough infrastructure for processing blood to use the therapy , says heymann , who was part of the team that fought the first ebola outbreak in the demo­cratic republic of the congo in 1976 .
plasma extraction can also be done in the field , he adds .
adequate screening for pathogens in donated blood can be an issue in poorer countries .
in the cpt ebola trials , a chemical is being added to the donated blood .
when the mixture is exposed to ultra­violet light , the compound irreversibly crosslinks the dna and rna of pathogens , preventing their replication .
it is also getting easier to test cpt more broadly .
the international severe acute respiratory and emerging infection consortium ( isaric ) , a network of researchers based in oxford , uk , was set up in 2011 to accelerate clinical research during outbreaks .
it has now drafted a protocol for clinical trials of cpt that regulatory bodies can approve before an outbreak starts , allowing trials to be quickly carried out if necessary .
the protocol is being used in the ebola trials and in clinical trials of cpt for mers .
these have begun in 20 patients in saudi arabia , and a larger trial of several hundred is planned over the next few months , says yaseen arabi , a physician and researcher at king saud bin abdulaziz university for health sciences in riyadh , who is coordinating the trials in collaboration with the world health organization and isaric .
u.s. to announce tighter ebola screening this week the screening guidelines will serve as a safety precaution to calm nervous travelers .
federal officials said they will announce the additional screening guidelines this week in a move that will serve as a safety precaution to calm nervous travelers — and a way to silence the growing chorus of lawmakers and outsiders calling for more administrative intervention .
in addition to airplane passenger screening , the coast guard will also start screening cargo ship personnel coming from ebola-infected countries who arrive at u.s. ports , according to an announcement from sen. chuck schumer’s office .
still , some lawmakers and outside groups have said that the government needs to implement even tighter measures to ensure another ebola-infected patient doesn’t land in the u.s. undetected .
it has to involve training and equipage , ” said peter goelz , former managing director for the national transportation safety board , echoing concerns made by flight attendant and service worker unions .
the service employees international union will hold a training session for its members tomorrow .
schumer spoke with frieden by phone tuesday and recommended additional precautions , including creating a temporary database of passengers flying to and from west africa that could be shared with hospitals across the country .
the administration’s decision to beef up screening requirements for certain passengers coming into the u.s. represents an about-face from last week , when officials insisted the current screening measures in the u.s. and departing countries were effective and additional steps likely weren’t necessary .
then on monday , with an expanding group of lawmakers and others calling for an administrative response , president barack obama said officials would step up passenger screening for certain travelers , though he didn’t offer further details .
but the flu is worse .
frieden stressed tuesday that any new steps the government takes are an extra precaution , and he reiterated that current outbound screening procedures in liberia , sierra leone and guinea are effective .
ebola is spread through direct contract with bodily fluids and is not an airborne disease .
in addition , the u.s. ebola patient was checked for a fever and did not show symptoms before boarding a flight from west africa .
over the past two months , screeners in those west african countries have checked about 36,000 travelers , most of whom weren’t traveling to the u.s. out of those , 77 passengers had ebola-like symptoms and weren’t allowed to travel , but so far , none have had ebola , frieden said .
officials have said that would hamper the ability of aid workers to get in and out of west africa .
august 28 , 2014 by agence france presse - cdc warns worse to come - un officials have pledged to step up efforts against the lethal tropical virus , which has infected more than 2,600 and killed 1,427 since the start of the year .
liberia has been worst hit , with 624 deaths recorded .
guinea , where the outbreak was first detected , has reported 406 deaths , sierra leone has 392 and nigeria five , according to the who .
the head of the us’s top public health body warned that the epidemic in liberia was set to get worse and that many cases of the deadly disease had not been included in the official tally .
i wish i did not have to say this , but it is going to get worse before it gets better , ” tom frieden , the director of the centers for disease control and prevention , told a news conference in monrovia .
read : benin postpones africa health meet over ebola .
consequently , not only are the numbers large , but we know there are many more cases than has been diagnosed and reported , ” he said .
last week democratic republic of congo said 13 people had died with symptoms of an unspecified haemorrhagic fever , and performed tests on dozens of others who had come into contact with them .
it subsequently confirmed two ebola cases , but said they were unrelated to the epidemic currently ravaging west africa .
home » health pictures » ebola virus cell structure ebola virus cell structure of health pictures ebola virus cell structure ebola virus cell structure is part of health pictures .
today we give new health pictures idea for our lovely readers .
consisting several pictures of health an update .
you will see a picture related to the title , entitled including graphic with tag archive ebola virus cell structure .
also , you 'll see more image ideas related to ebola virus cell structure below , including the walls with pictures entitled that ebola virus cell structure coloring picture for kids , the printable coloring pages tagged with ebola virus cell structure picture .
be sure to print of the ebola virus cell structure with click the image , and the view full page gallery as well .
ebola virus 2014 , ebola virus outbreak , ebola virus symptoms , ebola virus pictures , ebola virus treatment tue , 20 jan 2015 09:46:24 +0000 en-us
ebola survival handbook : the book you need to see you through the coming pandemic kimberly paxton comments ( 12 ) if you’re paying attention , you’ve noticed that the newsfeeds are full of horror stories about ebola .
right now , most of the concern is focused in the farthest corner of the earth , in a handful of small countries that seem far less civilized than ours .
however , if the warnings filtering out of the cdc and the who are any indication , ebola will be coming to our shores .
and it could potentially be the worst pandemic the united states has ever faced .
since the medical community appears to be stymied by the outbreak , it’s up to you to make a plan to protect your family .
a new book is out with the information you need to do so : ebola survival handbook : a collection of tips , strategies , and supply lists from some of the world’s best preparedness professionals .
the book is an anthology of informative posts from some very popular preparedness writers , many of them regular contributors here at the daily sheeple .
it includes articles from authors like : tess pennington of ready nutrition mac slavo of shtfplan lily dane of the daily sheeple the book itself is 138 pages .
it covers : the basics of the disease , including information on transmission and symptoms prevention through social distancing creating isolation rooms basic hygiene and sanitation general pandemic preparedness in the event that you have to go into lockdown to lessen your risk of contracting the disease dealing with diseased corpses should public services become unavailable one can not overstate the wisdom of a hard copy of vital information in the midst of a disaster. many of these articles have been previously published online , but this book conveniently compiles the knowledge you need into one place .
it also contains information from the center for disease control , the world health organization , and some original content unique to the book. it concludes with a bonus section of handy checklists to help you collect the necessary supplies quickly and efficiently. $ 7.99 … it’s a small price to pay for an anthology specific to this threat from the professionals we look to for information on a regular basis .
order your copy today : delivered by the daily sheeple contributed by kimberly paxton of www.thedailysheeple.com .
kimberly paxton , a staff writer for the daily sheeple , is based out of upstate new york .
you can follow kimberly on facebook and twitter .
this content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.thedailysheeple.com .
please share : spread the word to sheeple far and wide get regular updates ! enter email address the daily sheeple home page ken , megapolis the names you speak of look familiar to me and i have taken part in thousands of debates with them lol .
my issue is that i will soon be asked for money to purchase not just a free energy machine ( complete bollocks ) but new vitamins , health insurance plans , new secret arcane meditations and teachings only available to the select few initiates .
can i say 1 thing ?
if i am ready to die i will i don’t mind .
until then i see through your stupid hocus pocus fairy tales .
suppose i have the ebola vaccination then get drunk and fall under a bus ?
get your priorities right or quit scaremongering on a hopefully rational survivalist website .
doris that doesn’t make even the slightest bit of sense .
how on earth is learning about a disease in order to try to prepare your family a “stupid hocus pocus fairy tale” ?
i think it’s great that there is information available that we can’t get from “official sources” .
i will not be lining up waiting for the government to help me – i intend to help myself .
i think the book sounds like a very worthwhile purchase .
william keith lopez because once you start charging for this “special” information , you lose all credibility .
it becomes about the hype and making $ $ $ ken , megapolis then why are you talking about it instead of being in the position of having ordered it last week , knee deep in study , taking on board all the hints and tips , getting as prepared as can be .
i believe you have not ordered nothing because you doris , like me have been scammed too many times in the past with get rich quick schemes , herbal viagra , diet pills , you name it .
i havn’t got the money anyway because i left my previous job voluntarily and can not claim benefit .
yes i bought an ifone6 but thats just for show .
grow up you still a teenager inside .
kay mann how many pages is it ?
the information is online and the review says so .
this is for people who want a hard copy all together for their records .
cantilever you’re too kind bozo…i’ve only got a $ 100 bill , so when i send it to you , send the change back right away .
just dig deep enough into the earth and find all the heat you need for your home .
but careful you don’t cause a volcano in doing so lol .
now go back to school you moron .
ken , megapolis top man joshua .
put yourself in the shoes ( if they have them ) of rural west africans who need this vital information far more urgently than us affluent westerners .
or are my suspicions more true than i 1st thought : - those in league with agenda 21 see africans as less than human so they don’t matter .
get them conveniently out of the way before plundering the vast mineral resource of this great continent .
the book will be fine : - complete with a finishing page offering you the once in a lifetime opportunity , expiring tonight , of membership of the exclusive online not to be repeated , normally costing £500 a month but for you a bargain basement deal of £39.99 per month , set up by direct debit .
exclusive telephone support of carefully vetted and authorised advisors .
even an opportunity to be entered into a free prize draw to win a brand new ipad .
screw the agenda 21 mafia mob .
i live by my own agenda .
so stuff this in your craic pipe and smoke it .
ken , megapolis do you even know the price of copper and all the other bits of apparatus you speak of ?
and how much work would need to be put into such a pointless project ?
a simple petrol engine to cope with occasional power cuts is a bit of allright .
derek the donkey sell the car and buy a donkey .
then you will have transport when the shtf .
what use is an online book ?
home / documentation / what causes ebola maps of trends in diabetes obesity - centers for disease ... maps of trends in diabetes obesity subject : diabetes and obesity trends keywords : diabetes , diabetes trends last modified by : spencer , lachandra company : subcategories
crooks and liars shep smith : ebola panic is 'not worth ratings and not worth politics ... and we all need to stop it ' ( raw story ) fox news host shepard smith scolded his network and other news colleagues on wednesday , calling on them to stop inflaming fears of a “widespread panic” concerning potential ebola cases in the u.s. “we don’t have an outbreak , ” smith said .
and the rest of this should stop , because it’s not productive .
and it’s not worth ratings , and it’s not worth politics , and we all need to stop it.” by scarce on wed , 10/15/2014 - 1:57pm
ebola cases rise in africa as doctors sound alarm by associated press posted : 01:59 p.m. hst , jun 23 , 2014 last updated : 02:21 p.m. hst , jun 23 , 2014 associated press a senior official for doctors without borders says the ebola outbreak ravaging west africa is totally out of control and that the medical group is stretched to the limit in its capacity to respond .
rabat , morocco > > the international medical organization doctors without borders sounded the alarm monday over the outbreak of the ebola disease in west africa as some 20 new deaths have been reported .
in its own statement monday , the world health organization said that the latest figures show 567 cases with 350 deaths in guinea , liberia and sierra leone .
last week the organization reported more than 330 deaths .
most of the deaths , 267 of them , are in guinea , but with sierra leone reporting 39 new cases and eight deaths between june 15 and 17 , growth there appears to be faster , according to the organization 's figures .
the world health organization said it is working with local governments to provide the necessary expertise and is planning a regional meeting in ghana on july 2 .
but doctors without borders , known by its french initials msf , said that the outbreak will require a `` massive deployment of resources '' by governments and aid agencies to bring it under control .
the organization , which earlier said the outbreak was out of control , said it is stretched to the limit and is having trouble responding to an epidemic that is breaking out in more than 60 locations across three countries .
the virus has no cure and causes internal bleeding and organ failure , spreading through direct contact with infected people .
containing an outbreak focuses on supportive care for the ill and isolating them to limit the spread of the virus .
medical facilities in these countries , some of the poorest in the world , are struggling to deal with the outbreak as well as educate populations unfamiliar with how to prevent the disease from spreading .
the current outbreak , which began in guinea either late last year or early this year , had appeared to slow before picking up pace again in recent weeks , spreading to the capital of neighboring liberia for the first time .
421 x 408 px | 14.85 x 14.39 cm | 72 dpi low 601 x 583 px | 21.20 x 20.57 cm | 72 dpi medium 1,760 x 1,707 px | 14.90 x 14.45 cm | 300 dpi high 3,206 x 3,109 px | 27.14 x 26.32 cm | 300 dpi very high 4,138 x 4,013 px | 35.04 x 33.98 cm | 300 dpi vector
how safe are pets from ebola ?
8:30 am get causes updates admit it — you’re a little puzzled .
when spanish health authorities quickly and summarily euthanized a dog belonging to a nurse’s aide who contracted ebola , you wondered why .
did they know something you don’t ?
should you be worrying about whether your pet is at any risk ?
teresa romero ramos became infected with the ebola virus after treating two priests in sierra leone who had the disease .
before she realized she was sick , she went home to her husband and her dog , excalibur , in madrid .
she spent a week with them before going to the hospital .
when health authorities confirmed ramos’ illness , they isolated her husband and , despite worldwide pleas to save him , they put down excalibur , who was showing no symptoms .
as it turns out , spain may have overreacted .
a similar scenario playing out in dallas involves infected nurse nancy pham and her dog , bentley .
rather than following spain’s lead by euthanizing bentley , authorities have quarantined the dog to keep an eye on him .
so far , bentley’s fine .
dallas authorities prepare to retrieve bentley , the dog , from nancy pham 's apartment .
photo credit : dallas animal services and adoption center facebook page why did two countries react to this situation in such different ways ?
in part , it’s because information about ebola and the infection of companion animals is relatively scarce .
here’s what we know so far .
can animals become infected with ebola ?
yes , they certainly can .
dr. tom frieden , director of the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) , told reporters recently that “we know in rural areas of africa , ebola can infect mammals .
in fact , that’s how it spreads , from probably bats to animals living in the forest , people hunting the animals.” for a pet to get ebola , it would need to have close contact or exposure to blood or body fluids of someone infected with the ebola virus .
that fact alone means almost no domesticated animals within the u.s. are really at risk .
how does someone become infected by ebola ?
we don’t see it elsewhere in what we’ve seen so far.” according to the cdc : when infection occurs in humans , the virus can be spread in several ways to others .
ebola is spread through direct contact ( through broken skin or mucous membranes in , for example , the eyes , nose , or mouth ) with blood or body fluids ( including but not limited to urine , saliva , sweat , feces , vomit , breast milk , and semen ) of a person who is sick with ebola objects ( like needles and syringes ) that have been contaminated with the virus ebola is not spread through the air or by water , or in general , by food .
however , in africa , ebola may be spread as a result of handling bushmeat ( wild animals hunted for food ) and contact with infected bats .
only a few species of mammals ( for example , humans , monkeys , and apes ) have shown the ability to become infected with and spread ebola virus .
there is no evidence that mosquitos or other insects can transmit ebola virus .
can animals spread ebola to humans ?
yes , but… ebola is considered a zoonotic disease — that is , one which can be transmitted from animals to humans .
many believe this is how humans first contract ebola and why certain areas experience sudden outbreaks .
when they hunt the animals and prepare them for serving , they may become infected from the flood that is involved.” but what about dogs , cats and other domesticated animals ?
how much do we know about how ebola affects them and how they might transmit the infection to people ?
the cdc says : at this time , there have been no reports of dogs or cats becoming sick with ebola or of being able to spread ebola to people or other animals .
even in areas in africa where ebola is present , there have been no reports of dogs and cats becoming sick with ebola .
there is limited evidence that dogs become infected with ebola virus , but there is no evidence that they develop disease .
only one study involving dogs and ebola has ever been done .
its results were , at best , iffy .
the study revealed that while dogs can be infected , they appear to exhibit no symptoms and the infection eventually leaves their systems .
what do we know about dogs and the transmission of ebola ?
on the other hand , some scientists worry about dogs in situations like excalibur’s and believe euthanizing him was the right call .
dogs can indeed become infected with the ebola virus .
realistically , should you worry about your pets ?
no , you can relax .
excalibur and bentley are special , unfortunate situations that don’t apply to most of the rest of us .
you’re not working in direct contact with ebola patients , right ?
you’re also not in contact with the bodily fluids of other potentially infected mammals like bats or apes , are you ?
you’re just a regular person with companion animals you love ?
then don’t worry even a little bit .
all information currently available says you and your pets are not in any danger .
the cdc is currently� developing guidance pertaining to pets and ebola in cooperation with the u.s. department of agriculture , the american veterinary medical association , and others .
perhaps soon we can dial down some of the overreaction and begin a more considered approach to ebola and its impact on our animal friends .
get more stuff like this in your inbox
persian kitten 2015 all about persian kitten 2015 home » blog » person with ebola person with ebola hospital discharges first person diagnosed with ebola in , london 's royal free hospital announced saturday that pauline cafferkey -- a nurse and the first person diagnosed with ebola in the uk -- is heading home.. interim u.s. guidance for monitoring and movement of , interim u.s. guidance for monitoring and movement of persons with potential ebola virus exposure .
why ebola fighters are time 's person of the year 2014 , they risked and persisted , sacrificed and saved .
editor nancy gibbs explains why the ebola fighters are time 's choice for person of the year 2014 .
time person of the year 2014 : ebola fighters , eisenhut’s findings made it clear that ebola patients must be separated from the rest of the hospital population and treated by staff wearing protective gear.. joni ernst : number of people in u.s. with ebola is an , president obama has been `` very hands off '' about ebola , according to iowa republican joni ernst .
epidemiologic risk factors to consider when evaluating a , the following epidemiologic risk factors should be considered when evaluating a person for ebola virus disease ( ebola ) , classifying contacts , or .
ebola submitting your tip ... please wait !
there was a problem submitting your tip .
please help us fight spam .
all information © 2015 theblaze inc you must be logged in to do that
nigeria : churches risk spreading ebola virus through communion and sharing the peace tweet ( ap ) despite the advice of senior clergy , many nigerian churches are risking the spread of ebola in the way they share holy communion , the nigerian guardian reports .
in august , both anglican and catholic church leaders were advised against the typical practice in nigerian churches , involving placing the communion wafer directly into the parishioner 's mouth .
however , many churches are still drinking from the same communion cup and priests are breaking and dividing the bread with their bare hands , the guardian found in a study carried out last weekend .
in a statement in august , alfred adewale martins , the catholic archbishop of lagos said : `` we have now deemed it necessary to permit in the interim the reception of holy communion in the hand as an extraordinary practice while the ebola virus alert is on .
we maintain however , that in the archdiocese of lagos , the ordinary way of receiving holy communion remains communion-on-the-tongue .
the anglican primate of the church of nigeria , the most rev nicholas okoh also warned against sharing the peace , and said that anglican churches should no longer drink from the same cup .
instead he encouraged churches to use the practice of 'intinction ' – in which the bread is dipped into the wine , or small individual cups .
but it appears that not all churches are following the recommendations ; the guardian said that `` most churches are yet to make any changes '' to procedure .
wikipedia ebola virus ebola is highly infectious , as a small amount of the disease can prove lethal , but not especially contagious , as it requires close contact with bodily fluids , such as saliva .
but this does make the sharing of a communion cup a particular health hazard .
the virus spread to nigeria in july , having started in guinea in january , and spread to liberia and sierra leone .
there have now been 21 cases in nigeria , and seven deaths , but in comparison with other affected countries , the spread has been relatively contained so far .
public health messages about combatting ebola have been difficult to disseminate , particularly in the other west african countries affected .
there was initial scepticism that regular washing with soap and water , which kills virus , would be effective in preventing transmission. within some churches there was also the feeling that ebola was god 's judgement .
the world health organization estimates that 5,000 people have now been infected with the ebola virus , and 2,400 have died , making it the worst outbreak on record .
the virus can have a fatality rate of up to 90 per cent , however the rate at present is significantly lower .
via the daily observer : nurses use 3 thermometers on thousands .
experts have said that one way the deadly ebola virus is spread is through contact with bodily fluids .
thermometers are either inserted in the mouth or under the arm , both of which involve the transfer of saliva and sweat respectively .
baltimore doctor says local ebola threat minimal updated 5:26 pm edt oct 01 , 2014 advertising video transcript not they land to use experimental drugs as part of the treatment .
hearing about the first case of ebola in the u.s. has many evil understandably concerned , including health experts .
kim dacey sat down with a travel doctor today to talk about the risks .
she joins us live at the state health department in baltimore .
the state health department says they sent out guidance letters to health-care practitioners to increase the surveillance of illnesses and have investigators ready to go 24/seven should there be a suspected case of ebola in maryland will stop any facility should be equipped to handle the case .
the nation watched as news came out of west africa that the deadly ebola virus was spreading .
now there is a case confirmed on our own soil .
the man is in a texas hospital as the first confirmed case in the u.s. we isolate him quickly and the disease is contained hopefully .
we do not have experience with people in this country .
we have good pickle facilities and excellent intensive care units which can save people .
the doctor overseas the hospital up hurts the medical center -- mercy medical center .
those most at risk are the medical team treating the patient will stop he thinks the chances of its reading are slim , but there could be a separate risk coming from overseas .
eagleton should be concerned are people who have relatives coming back -- people who should be concerned are people who have relatives coming back from africa .
the general population i do not ring is at great risk .
the doctor says the united states is at or equipped to deal with ebola with more protocols for infectious diseases .
he says the biggest risk is overseas travel , but you can minimize exposure by following routine good hygiene .
it 's very important when you go to the bathroom and wash her hands , when you open the bathroom door , use a paper towels stop when you go down the aisles , such the seat as you go down .
the cdc reports a person is not contagious and still -- until they display symptoms like a fever and headaches .
anyone who has traveled to africa should see attention immediately .
the cdc has recalled in place if passengers come in who are visibly sick .
bwi does not have a quarantines center .
flashpoint ferguson syria 's war ukraine crisis special coverage search form dr. kent brantly , left , an american physician , caring for ebola patients in monrovia , liberia .
he has since tested positive for the ebola virus .
the who has confirmed more than 670 people have died of the disease since march .
channel 4 news watch live 7pm weekdays , weekend timings see tv listings search : monday 29 december 2014 uk confirmed case of ebola in britain as a second is tested tweet a woman who was working for save the children in sierra leone has arrived in london for specialist treatment after being diagnosed with ebola .
a second suspected case is being tested in glasgow .
the female patient , whose case has been confirmed , was initially put in isolation in glasgow 's gartnavel hospital after returning to the uk via heathrow airport .
she was reported to be in a stable condition .
she was then moved to london 's royal free hospital for further treatment .
and it emerged on tuesday that doctors in glasgow are testing a second suspected case , although it is said to be low risk .
the scottish first minister nicola sturgeon said that the second patient , who has also recently returned from west africa , has had no known contact with the virus .
officials say all possible contacts with the first patient are being monitored .
the scottish government says the risk to others was considered extremely low because the first case was detected early..
i am confident we will be able to respond effectively first minister nicola sturgeon the first patient is an nhs worker who returned to scotland via casablanca before getting a connecting flight from london heathrow to glasgow airport on a british airways flight at 11.30pm on sunday night .
after feeling unwell , she was admitted to hospital and placed into isolation at 7.50am on monday all 71 passengers and crew on the flight are being contacted as a precautionary measure , the scottish government said .
only one other person is thought to have been in contact with the patient , other than those on the flight .
second uk case this is the second confirmed case of ebola in the uk after the british nurse william pooley was flown back to the uk in august for treatment .
he later made a full recovery and is now working in west africa again .
specialist ebola treatment at london 's royal free hospital the high level isolation unit at london 's royal free hospital is the uk 's main weapon in the fight to contain and treat ebola infections in britain .
the unit is run by a dedicated team of doctors and laboratory staff and access is restricted to specially trained medical staff .
a specially designed tent is set up around the patient 's bed so the infection can be contained while they are treated .
mr pooley , who has since returned to sierra leone , spoke of the `` world-class care '' he received upon leaving the hospital .
he said : `` i was very lucky in several ways , firstly in the standard of care that i received , which is a world apart from what people are receiving in west africa , despite various organisations ' best efforts .
it is understood the first patient was transferred from glasgow airport on a `` military-style plane '' in a quarantine tent , surrounded by a group of health workers in full protection suits .
first minister nicola sturgeon said : `` our first thoughts at this time must be with the patient diagnosed with ebola and their friends and family .
i wish them a speedy recovery .
our health service also has the expertise and facilities to ensure that confirmed ebola cases such as this are contained and isolated effectively minimising any potential spread of the disease .
after chairing a meeting of the whitehall cobra contingencies committee in london , health secretary jeremy hunt said there would be a review of the `` procedures and protocols '' adopted by nhs workers and other government staff working in sierra leone .
he said the government was doing `` absolutely everything it needs to '' to keep the public safe and that the measures it had put in place were working well .
while public health experts have emphasised that the risks are negligible , a telephone helpline has been set up for anyone who was on the heathrow to glasgow flight last night .
the number is : 08000 858531 .
almost 8,000 people have died in west africa after contracting the ebola virus , according to the world health organisation .
you are here : home `` today 's headlines `` embattled chris brown still on blast for shocking ebola tweet embattled chris brown still on blast for shocking ebola tweet october 14 , 2014 by hinterlandgazettestaff leave a comment embattled chris brown still on blast for shocking ebola tweet ( photo credit : wikipedia ) singer chris brown is still being put on blast for his shocking ebola tweet , implying that the epidemic was a means of “population control.” that’s despite a second tweet walking back the first .
the embattled entertainer tweeted “i don’t know … but i think this ebola epidemic is a form of population control .
here’s the offensive tweet : i do n't know … but i think this ebola epidemic is a form of population control .
shit is getting crazy bruh .
— chris brown ( @ chrisbrown ) october 13 , 2014 he followed up with a weak walk-back : let me shut my black ass up !
— chris brown ( @ chrisbrown ) october 13 , 2014 tweets blasting chris brown:
video : kofi annan’s lessons from the ebola crisis 2015 posted in davos , ebola , forum , kofi annan , pandemics , tecnologia , uncategorized shouldn’t we today be thinking of how do we ensure that when the next pandemic hits , we’ll be able to tackle it professionally , be able to research it , look for treatment , and be ready next time it comes around .
i think on ebola we have failed that test .
watch a clip of kofi annan , former secretary-general of the united nations , addressing the world economic forum’s annual meeting 2015 in davos above , and catch up with his full session on the response to future epidemics , here .
image : kofi annan , chairman , kofi annan foundation , switzerland ; secretary-general , united nations ( 1997-2006 ) is captured during the open forum ‘pandemics : whose problem ? ’ during the annual meeting 2015 of the world economic forum in davos , january 22 , 2015. world economic forum/swiss-image.ch/photo jolanda flubacher
facebookemail twitter google+ linkedin pinterest ebola patient at nih in critical condition the status of the american healthcare work admitted to the the national institutes of health ( nih ) with ebola changed on monday from serious to critical condition .
post to facebook ebola patient at nih in critical condition the status of the american healthcare work admitted to the the national institutes of health ( nih ) with ebola changed on monday from serious to critical condition .
check out this story on wwltv.com : http : //on.wusa9.com/1bcatsu cancelsend a link has been sent to your friend 's email address .
a link has been posted to your facebook feed .
join the conversation to find out more about facebook commenting please read the conversation guidelines and faqs ebola patient at nih in critical condition 4:14 p.m. cdt march 16 , 2015 nih logo connect 15 tweet linkedin commentemailmore bethesda , md .
the patient 's status changed on monday from serious to critical .
no additional details have been released about the patient at this time .
previous story : healthcare worker with ebola now at nih the patient was admitted to nih friday .
according to nih , the healthcare worker tested positive for the ebola virus in sierra leone after volunteering in an ebola treatment unit .
the individual was taken to the u.s. in isolation in a chartered aircraft .
this is the second patient with the ebola virus to be treated at the nih clinical center .
besides the man at nih , there are 12 other partners in health workers being brought to the united states for monitoring .
one of those being monitored has developed symptoms of ebola and was being moved to an isolation unit , hospital officials said in a news release monday .
nebraska medical center spokesman taylor wilson said the individual developed symptoms sunday evening and was hospitalized as a precaution .
wilson declined to describe the symptoms , but said they had resolved monday .
none of those being monitored has tested positive for ebola .
the national institutes of health said it has no other pending admissions of additional patients with the ebola virus or who have been exposed to ebola .
cdc workers in sierra leone are involved in investigating the illness of the first patient , including looking for other people the person was in contact with .
it 's possible other people will be transported to the united states for monitoring , said the spokesman , tom skinner .
17 , 2015 at 6:14 a.m. blackberry-ibm-samsung secure tablet ; cablevision-hbo now ; gsk ebola update ; facebook 's buy ; lyft lawsuit published : 2015-03-17 05:47:00 research triangle park , n.c. — in today 's wrapup of technology and life science news : blackberry joins with ibm and samsung to develop a secure tablet gsk 's ebola vaccine advances cablevision hooks up with hbo now facebook 's latest buy the details : blackberry 's new tablet blackberry has launched a new tablet through its securesmart subsidiary that it says is secure and `` enterprise ready .
it 's based on the samsung galaxy tab s. it 's called the secutablet and was developed for an agency of the german government .
this means , in terms of specs , the secutablet will offer a 10.5in 2560x1600 screen , octa-core exynos 5 processor , baked-in fingerprint sensor and a 7,900mah battery , '' reports u.k. tech news site the inquirer .
read more at : http : //www.theinquirer.net/inquirer/news/2399817/blackberry-makes-tablet-market-return-with-help-from-ibm-and-samsung next step for gsk ebola vaccine the first batch of glaxosmithkline 's ebola vaccine is being manufactured by emergent bio for phase 1 trials in africa .
gsk is working with the national institutes of health and the university of oxford on the vaccine .
reports news website seekingalpha : `` emergent performed proof-of-concept work and manufactured the mva eboz vaccine candidate at a 200l scale in an avian cell line , which eliminates the requirement of eggs in the manufacturing process .
the scalable process has the potential to meet the demand for multi-million doses in a few months .
the company , which has a few million customers in the new york city area , said monday that cablevision customers can sign up for hbo now through cablevision .
that means they can pay for hbo and internet access together on one cablevision bill .
it also gives people a way to get hbo now without an apple device .
last week , apple and hbo said the service will launch in april in time for the new season of `` game of thrones '' for people who have ipads , iphones and apple tvs .
americans are increasingly `` cutting the cord '' on traditional tv packages as services like netflix and hulu provide shows more cheaply online .
still , hbo , along with sports channels , are major reasons people keep paying for traditional tv .
but even those bulwarks may be starting to give , with hbo now and dish network 's new $ 20-per-month sling tv online service , which includes espn , along with other popular cable channels .
facebook to buy shopping search engine thefind facebook says it bought shopping search engine thefind to help boost its advertising business .
terms of the deal were not disclosed .
the acquisition is expected to close in the next few weeks .
thefind , which was founded in 2006 , will shut down and some of its key employees will work at the social media company .
thefind lets users search for items to buy from websites or in local stores .
it is based in mountain view , california .
in a statement , facebook said that thefind will help make its ads more relevant and better for its users .
lawsuit : lyft cheated new drivers the lyft ridesharing company took new drivers for a ride by cheating them out of promised $ 1,000 bonuses , according to a federal lawsuit announced friday .
hundreds of drivers lost a total of at least $ 5 million worth of bonuses that were offered last month in promotional programs around the nation , according to lawyers who filed the fraud and breach-of-contract lawsuit on wednesday in san francisco .
san francisco-based lyft , previously known for the giant pink mustaches that graced the front of participating cars , operates a cellphone application that allows people seeking rides to hook up with private motorists .
like its larger rival uber , lyft receives payment via the apps and cuts checks to drivers for the rides , after taking a commission of about 20 percent .
the 22-page complaint says that lyft tied to lure new drivers by offering to pay $ 1,000 bonuses to current lyft drivers who referred new motorists and to new driverswho applied on feb. 25 or after and completed their first ride on or before march 5 .
the bonus programs were offered in atlanta , austin , boston , chicago , dallas , denver , los angeles , miami , nashville , philadelphia , san diego , san francisco , san jose , seattle and washington , d.c. wral techwire any time : twitter , facebook copyright 2015 wral techwire .
the latest blog posts from our wral techwire and wral editors .
ebola scare at commonwealth games dismissed by glasgow officals who blast 'sensationalist and misleading ' press the huffington post uk/pa reddit there is n't an ebola outbreak in scotland , officials have said , responding to a flurry of `` sensationalist and misleading '' headlines .
the worst ebola outbreak in history is spreading throughout the west african nations of guinea , liberia and sierra leone , infecting more than 1,200 and killing more than 700 since early this year .
but health authorities have played down an ebola scare at the commonwealth games after it emerged a sierra leone athlete was tested for the killer virus .
road cyclist moses sesay , 32 , was admitted to a glasgow hospital last week after feeling unwell and doctors tested him for various conditions , including ebola .
but sesay , whose homeland has declared a public health emergency , was given the all-clear and released from hospital in time to compete in the men 's individual time trial at the games yesterday .
he told the daily mirror : `` i was admitted for four days and they tested me for ebola .
it came back negative but they did it again and this time sent it to london , where it was also negative .
the tests were negative and the athlete competed in his event on thursday .
ebola , which has also infected two american aid workers and killed the top ebola doctor in sierra leone , is extremely contagious , and can be passed from person to person via bodily fluids ( such as blood , sweat and urine ) , as well as contaminated objects .
it 's marked by flu-like symptoms , as well as bleeding from the eyes , ears , mouth , nose and rectum .
the virus is known to kill up to 90 percent of people who are infected by it , though the fatality rate for this current outbreak is 60 percent , nbc news reported .
a spokeswoman for health protection scotland added the initial scare was an isolated incident and no other athletes were tested .
experts have warned that ebola could spread beyond hard-hit guinea , liberia and sierra leone to neighbouring nations commenting on how scotland is dealing with any potential ebola cases , dr colin ramsay , of health protection scotland , told bbc radio scotland : `` there 's been no programme of actively screening athletes simply because of the commonwealth games .
sometimes people have more common diseases such as malaria so they are given a battery of tests to exclude all these diseases but there are special tests that would be done for ebola in these circumstances if someone has been in a country affected by the outbreak in the relevant period .
liberia president ellen johnson sirleaf has closed some border crossings and ordered strict quarantines of communities affected by the ebola outbreak .
the announcement late sunday came a day after sirleaf formed a new taskforce charged with containing the disease , which has killed 129 people in the country and more than 670 across the region .
a leading doctor who risked his own life to treat dozens of ebola patients died tuesday , july 29 , 2014 , from the disease , officials said , as a major regional airline announced it was suspending flights to the cities hardest hit by an outbreak that has killed more than 670 people .
dr. sheik humarr khan , who was praised as a national hero for treating the disease in sierra leone , was confirmed dead by health ministry officials there .
he had been hospitalized in quarantine .
the world health organization has warned that ebola could spread beyond hard-hit guinea , liberia and sierra leone to neighbouring nations , but insisted that travel bans were not the answer .
to date , there have been 635 cases of haemorrhagic fever in guinea , liberia and sierra leone , most confirmed as ebola .
a total of 399 people have died , 280 of them in guinea .
afp photo / cellou binani ( photo credit should read cellou binani/afp/getty images ) a member of doctors without borders ( msf ) ( c-l ) supervises the unloading of protection and healthcare material on july 22 , 2014 at conakry 's airport , to fight the spread of the ebola virus and treat people who have been already infected .
the death toll in west africa 's ebola outbreak has risen to 603 , the world health organization ( who ) said last week , with 68 new fatalities mostly in sierra leone and liberia .
the un health agency said the new deaths were recorded between july 8 and 12 , and that 52 of them were in sierra leone , 13 in liberia and three in guinea , which had previously borne the brunt of the outbreak .
ebola first emerged in 1976 in what is now the democratic republic of congo , and is named after a river in that country .
afp photo / cellou binani ( photo credit should read cellou binani/afp/getty images ) a member of doctors without borders ( msf ) wearing protective gear walks outside the isolation ward of the donka hospital , on july 23 , 2014 in conakry .
a liberian man has been hospitalised in lagos with ebola-like symptoms , but it is not yet clear if he is infected with the killer virus , nigerian officials said on july 24 .
ebola first emerged in 1976 in what is now the democratic republic of congo , and is named after a river in that country .
afp photo / cellou binani ( photo credit should read cellou binani/afp/getty images ) a picture taken on july 24 , 2014 shows a staff member of the christian charity samaritan 's purse spraying product as he treats the premises outside the elwa hospital in the liberian capital monrovia .
an american doctor battling west africa 's ebola epidemic has himself fallen sick with the disease in liberia , samaritan 's purse said on july 27 .
afp photo / zoom dosso ( photo credit should read zoom dosso/afp/getty images ) a picture taken on july 24 , 2014 shows a staff member of the christian charity samaritan 's purse wearing protective gear in the elwa hospital in the liberian capital monrovia .
an american doctor battling west africa 's ebola epidemic has himself fallen sick with the disease in liberia , samaritan 's purse said on july 27 .
afp photo / zoom dosso ( photo credit should read zoom dosso/afp/getty images ) a picture taken on july 24 , 2014 shows staff of the christian charity samaritan 's purse putting on protective gear in the elwa hospital in the liberian capital monrovia .
an american doctor battling west africa 's ebola epidemic has himself fallen sick with the disease in liberia , samaritan 's purse said on july 27 .
afp photo / zoom dosso ( photo credit should read zoom dosso/afp/getty images ) a picture taken on july 24 , 2014 shows protective gear including boots , gloves , masks and suits , drying after being used in a treatment room in the elwa hospital in the liberian capital monrovia .
an american doctor battling west africa 's ebola epidemic has himself fallen sick with the disease in liberia , christian charity samaritan 's purse said on july 27 .
afp photo / zoom dosso ( photo credit should read zoom dosso/afp/getty images ) in this march 28 , 2014 photo provided by medecins sans frontieres ( doctors without borders ) , healthcare workers from the organization prepare isolation and treatment areas for their ebola virus operations in gueckedou , guinea .
one preacher advocated fasting and prayer to spare people from a virus that usually leads to a horrible death .
some people pray that the ebola virus stays confined to a rural district .
others are unruffled and say the outbreak will blow over .
on saturday , july 26 , 2014 , the north carolina-based aid organization said brantly tested positive for the disease .
the ministry of health has asked ivorians , `` particularly fond of porcupine and agouti , '' a small rodent , to avoid consuming or handling bushmeat , as an unprecedented ebola epidemic hit west africa .
the virus can spread to animal primates and humans who handle infected meat -- a risk given the informal trade in `` bushmeat '' in forested central and west africa .
nigeria was on alert against the possible spread of ebola on july 26 , a day after the first confirmed death from the virus in lagos , the country 's financial capital and africa 's biggest city .
the health ministry said friday that a 40-year-old liberian man died at a private hospital in lagos from the disease , which has now killed more than 650 people in four west african countries since january .
ebola had never before been seen in this part of west africa .
liberia president ellen johnson sirleaf has closed some border crossings and ordered strict quarantines of communities affected by the ebola outbreak .
the announcement late sunday came a day after sirleaf formed a new taskforce charged with containing the disease , which has killed 129 people in the country and more than 670 across the region .
u.s. health officials are monitoring the ebola outbreak in africa but say the risk of the deadly germ spreading to the united states is remote .
brantly is one of two american aid workers that have tested positive for the ebola virus while working to combat an outbreak of the deadly disease at a hospital in liberia .
guinea has been hit by the most severe strain of the virus , known as zaire ebola , which has had a fatality rate of up to 90 percent in past outbreaks , and for which there is no vaccine , cure or even specific treatment .
the world health organization ( who ) has described west africa 's first outbreak among humans as one of the most challenging since the virus emerged in 1976 in what is now the democratic republic of congo .
afp photo / cellou binani ( photo credit should read cellou binani/afp/getty images ) health workers teach people about the ebola virus and how to prevent infection , in conakry , guinea , monday , march 31 , 2014 .
health authorities in guinea are facing an `` unprecedented epidemic '' of ebola , the international aid group doctors without borders warned monday as the death toll from the disease that causes severe bleeding reached 78 .
the outbreak of ebola in guinea poses challenges never seen in previous outbreaks that involved `` more remote locations as opposed to urban areas , '' said doctors without borders .
medics arrive to treat patient who recently traveled to an `` ebola-affected '' country .
us military converting transport planes to carry wave of infected ebola victims to the united states it seems in the age of obama that the u.s. military is slowly making the transformation from the planet’s most powerful fighting force to one giant charity provider .
as most americans know , the president has ordered thousands of u.s. troops to ebola-plagued west africa , a move that critics have [ ... ] get ebola news updates in your email email address
inveneo launches its ebola response connectivity initiative the erci team who met in san francisco for pre-deployment training .
as the ebola crisis continues to hit hard in west africa , inveneo recently launched its ebola response connectivity initiative ( erci ) this past week to bring internet connectivity to doctors , nurses , and others working at medical centers located in sierra leone .
on wednesday december 10th , several of our team’s engineers , contractors , and few volo employees gathered together in san francisco for pre-deployment training .
the erci project is already underway and the inveneo team has been busy ordering and moving ict equipment to a warehouse in accra , ghana .
several pieces of equipment that we are using for this project include ubiquiti’s rocket m5 radio , airmax sectors , rocketdish 30 cbi dishes , airfiber5 , nanaobridge m5 25 , and the mikrotik routerboard ccr 1009 .
several members of the inveneo team join volo in the ebola responder communications initiative class .
in addition , our senior field engineer samuel perales and contractor eric kuhnke will be traveling to accra , ghana on saturday , december 13th .
in ghana , samuel and eric will start sorting all the equipment that arrived , and soon they will be joined by several other team members throughout december .
our sierra leone partners , called icips ( inveneo certified ict partners ) , will also travel to ghana in mid-january to be trained on creating broadband connections .
we certainly have a great amount of work ahead of us , and we are certainly glad to be partnering with such a talented team !
after their training is complete our icips and contractors will travel back to sierra leone to create internet connectivity for medical centers that will be used by ebola victims in the near future .
inveneo will provide long-term support after the technicians have set up internet connectivity in medical centers so that strong and permanent wifi connectivity is available to the doctors and medical staff working at those centers .
inveneo is no stranger to providing aid after an international disaster hit an area hard , leaving no to little wifi connectivity .
in fact , throughout the past several years inveneo has responded to devastating crises around the world .
in the philippines we creating emergency internet connectivity for humanitarian organizations after super typhoon haiyan struck , and starting in 2010 , our team assisted haiti in rebuilding its internet infrastructure after the devastating earthquake .
if you would like to donate to this our impactful erci project , please visit our donate page .
the epidemiological characteristics of ebola virus disease american journal of biomedicine volume 2 , issue 10 , pages 1095-1109 october 2014 brian s. singer ; stefan k blinov abstract ebola was first reported in 1976 in sudan and congo and named after the river where it was identified .
they cause fulminating disease characterized by acute fever followed by generalized hemorrhagic syndrome that is associated with 90 % mortality in the most severe forms .
it was later reported in gabon , central africa and between 2 and 4 august 2014 , a total of 108 new cases of ebola virus disease ( evd ) ( laboratory-confirmed , probable , and suspect cases ) as well as 45 deaths were reported from guinea , liberia , nigeria , and sierra leone .
surveillance and response represent the final crucial steps in achieving effective control of ebola virus disease , it should be followed by an effective public health response – delivered as integrated packages – with the purpose to interrupt transmission in well defined areas .
in addition , intensive efficacy and pharmacovigilance assessment of these interventions including diagnostics , drugs and vaccines against ebola and other emerging infectious diseases including ntds must be carefully re-evaluated , and the cut-offs determined and monitored over time , in addition to enhance cross-border collaboration and strengthen effective coordination across african government and populations .
control interventions were very successful in containing the epidemic of evd .
keywords : ebola virus disease ; hemorrhagic syndrome ; public health ; central africa references 1 .
feldmann h , geisbert tw .
baskerville a , bowen et , platt gs , mcardell lb , simpson di .
the pathology of experimental ebola virus infection in monkeys .
j. pathol 1978 ; 125:131-138 .
weik m , modrof j , klenk h-d , becker s , mühlberger e. ebola virus vp30-mediated transcription is regulated by rna secondary structure formation .
j. virol 2002 ; 76:8532–8539 .
shabman rs , hoenen t , groseth a , jabado o , binning jm , amarasinghe gk , feldmann h , basler cf .
an upstream open reading frame modulates ebola virus polymerase translation and virus replication .
plos pathog 2013 ; 9 : e1003147 .
prioritizing research for “one health – one world” infect dis poverty 2012 ; 1:1 .
ebola virus disease , west africa-update ( 31st july ) .
tambo e , lin a , xia z , jun-hu c , wei h , robert b , jia-gang g , jürg u , marcel t , xiao-nong z. surveillance-response systems : the key to elimination of tropical diseases .
infect dis poverty 2014 ; 3:17 .
anderson r , hollingsworth td , truscott j , brooker s. optimisation of mass chemotherapy to control soil-transmitted helminth infection .
lancet 2012 ; 2 ( 9813 ) :289–290 .
perry hn , mcdonnell sm , alemu w , nsubuga p , chungong s , otten mw jr , lusamba-dikassa ps , thacker sb .
planning an integrated disease surveillance and response system : a matrix of skills and activities .
bmc med 2007 ; 2:24 .
francis kasolo jbr , helen p , editor .
world health organization , centers for disease control and prevention .
tchnical guiances for intergrated disease surveillance and response in the african region .
brazzaville : republic of congo and atlanta , usa ; 2010. pp .
bergquist r , whittaker m. strengthening control of neglected tropical diseases in the asia pacific region : implications for health information priorities .
inf dis poverty 2012 ; 2 ( 1 ) :4 .
katz r , hate v , kornblet s , fischer je .
costing framework for international health regulations ( 2005 ) . emerg inf dis 2012 ; 2 ( 7 ) :1121–1127 .
yang zy , duckers hj , sullivan nj , sanchez a , nabel eg , nabel gj .
identification of the ebola virus glycoprotein as the main viral determinant of vascular cell cytotoxicity and injury .
nat med 2000 ; 6 ( 8 ) :886-9 .
sanchez a , kiley mp , holloway bp , auperin dd .
sequence analysis of the ebola virus genome : organization , genetic elements , and comparison with the genome of marburg virus .
virus res 1993 ; 29:215–240 .
zampieri ca , fortin jf , nolan gp , nabel gj .
the erk mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway contributes to ebola virus glycoprotein-induced cytotoxicity .
j virol 2007 ; 81 ( 3 ) :1230-40 .
neumann g , watanabe s , kawaoka y. characterization of ebolavirus regulatory genomic regions .
virus res 2009 ; 144:1–7 .
sullivan nj , sanchez a , rollin pe , yang zy , nabel gj .
development of a preventive vaccine for ebola virus infection in primates .
nature 2000 ; 408 ( 6812 ) :605-9 .
sullivan nj , geisbert tw , geisbert jb , shedlock dj , xu l , lamoreaux l , custers jh , et al .
immune protection of nonhuman primates against ebola virus with single low-dose adenovirus vectors encoding modified gps .
plos med 2006 ; 3 ( 6 ) : e177. [ pubmed ] instructions for authors
atlanta hospital treats patient with ebola-like symptoms posted 7:12 am , december 4 , 2014 , by ap wire × atlanta hospital treats patient with ebola-like symptoms atlanta — an american health-care worker who may have been infected with the ebola virus in west africa has arrived at a hospital near atlanta .
emory university hospital spokeswoman holly korschun says the patient arrived around 5:45 a.m. thursday .
details about the patient were not released .
emory houses a specialized isolation unit that handled four of the 10 ebola patients previously treated in the u.s. west africa is suffering the worst ebola outbreak in history , with more than 17,100 illnesses and at least 6,000 deaths this year .
six of those treated in the u.s. were americans infected while providing medical aid there .
lab workers leave canada to help with ebola outbreak in sierra leone saturday , september 06 , 2014 08:20 pm edt | updated : at least 10 americans being flown to u.s. after possible ebola exposure a mobile lab team from canada left for sierra leone saturday to help with the ebola outbreak .
the public health agency of canada ( phac ) tweeted the team will help health care officials in the west african country `` quickly diagnose ebola infections .
none of those canadians had contact with the sick people and did not show any signs or symptoms of ebola .
still , the three canadians went into voluntary isolation and were monitored closely as they returned home .
an individual who is not displaying symptoms is not contagious .
the risk to canadians remains very low , '' the aug. 27 statement said .
at the time , phac said a new team would be sent to the region `` once appropriate steps have been taken to ensure a safe living environment .
suspected ebola virus case at nyaho clinic tests 'tentatively negative ' date : 08-07-2014 time : 06:07:26 : am evd outbreaks have a case fatality rate of up to 90 % .
a suspected case of ebola disease detected at the nyaho medical centre in accra on sunday has tested `` tentatively negative '' , according to the ghana health service .
head of disease surveillance at the ghana health service , dr. badu sarkodie , told joy news more work would be done tuesday before a substantive conclusion would be announced .
four staff members of nyaho medical centre have since been quarantined after they came into contact with an american citizen suspected to be carrying the deadly virus .
blood samples of the patient were subsequently taken for test at the nugouchi memorial institute of medical research , which has given its preliminary report as negative .
following the suspected case at the nyaho clinic , the university of ghana medical centre cautioned the general public against eating and getting close to animals found dead in rain forests as they may carry the ebola virus .
bush animals such as antelopes , fruit bats , dead porcupines , infected chimpanzees among others are said to harbor and spread the virus rapidly among them .
the fruit bats , especially , are said to naturally contain the virus .
also any direct contact with such animals through broken skins or mucus membranes would result in a person acquiring the virus .
dr. theophilus adiku , head of microbiology at the university of ghana medical school , who sounded the caution , explained to joy news monday , the only way to kill the ebola virus was to thoroughly boil all edible meats obtained from the bush .
he said the cooking process should take up to 30 minutes or more due to the intensity of the infection , adding that contaminated meats ought to be disposed off with suspected patients , quarantined .
key facts ebola virus disease ( evd ) , formerly known as ebola haemorrhagic fever , is a severe , often fatal illness in humans .
evd outbreaks have a case fatality rate of up to 90 % .
evd outbreaks occur primarily in remote villages in central and west africa , near tropical rainforests .
the virus is transmitted to people from wild animals and spreads in the human population through human-to-human transmission .
fruit bats of the pteropodidae family are considered to be the natural host of the ebola virus .
patients require intensive supportive care .
no licensed specific treatment or vaccine is available for both humans or animals .
ebola virus : could an outbreak cause 90 % global depopulation ?
by annie · february 8 , 2015 ebola virus : could an outbreak cause 90 % global depopulation ?
by susanne posel – may 24 , 2013 the ebola virus mysteriously appeared in the democratic republic of the congo ( drc ) in 1976 and has sporadically reappeared in the area without explanation ever since .
mainstream medical professional believe that eating monkeys who are infected with ebola is the initial mode of transmission .
however this is accepted speculation because the scientific community agrees that the natural reservoir of the virus is unknown and therefore knowledge of transmission is only hypothesized .
in july of this year , a sudden outbreak of the ebola virus surfaced , killing 14 people .
the world health organization ( who ) , the centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) and uganda’s ministry of health came together to control the unexpected eruption .
ugandan president yoweri museveni made a formal statement warning his citizens : “i therefore appeal to you to be vigilant .
avoid shaking of hands ; do not take on burying somebody that has died from symptoms which look like ebola .
instead , call the health workers to be the ones to do it .
and avoid promiscuity because these sicknesses can also go through sex.” dr. paul roddy , medecins sans frontieres ( msf ) , a french charity , asserts that the outbreak of the ebola virus in uganda has been stabilized , however an additional outbreak could erupt in another location .
roddy believes that natives eating bush-meat were the catalyst for spread .
he assumes that monkeys who have eaten infected bats , that were then consumed by ugandans was the chain of infection .
eight days later , in the drc , a new strain of the ebola virus has surfaced according to medical volunteers from msf .
it is not the same strain as was discovered in uganda .
this new epidemic is being monitored because “not every person who develops the disease will develop clear symptoms that are recognized as ebola .
for the moment it seems that there are not that many cases but the exact number of cases is unknown , ” said anja de weggheleire , representative of msf .
overseen by the us department of defense ( dod ) under the transformational medical technologies program ( tmt ) of the defense threat reduction agency and the national institutes of health ( nih ) have spent millions of dollars conducting scientific research into the ebola virus , its potential for being turned into a bio-weapon and certain vaccine efforts through two drug corporations , massachusetts-based sarepta therapeutics and tekmira pharmaceuticals of canada .
then the funding was abruptly cut .
the tmt creates relationships with private sector biotech firms , pharmaceutical corporations and academic institutions , as well as other government agencies to advance biological warfare , research viral and biological weapons and estimate threat levels of all biological agents based on ability to infect and effectiveness of devastation .
the dod suddenly stopped funding ebola vaccine research through these two corporations due to financial constraints .
with the sporadic nature of ebola outbreaks , combined with the absolute deadly nature of the virus makes it a hard sell to large pharmaceutical corporations because it “isn’t a huge customer base and big pharma is obviously interested in big profits .
so these niche products which are important for biodefense are really driven by small companies , ” according to larry zeitlin , president of mapp biophamracueticals , who is developing therapies to combat ebola .
mysteriously , microbiologists and virologists who were involved with research into immunology and bioweapons have either gone missing or found dead over two decades .
some of these scientists had ties to the howard hughes medical institute , the nih , the dod – just to name a few .
while the number of experts involved in infectious disease research having died under questionable circumstances has risen exponentially , the us government has remained non-chalant .
in november of 2002 , dyncorp was given a $ 322 million contract to develop , produce and store vaccines for the dod .
dyncorp has been connected to promis , a software program designed to identify and target specific individuals for operations known only to the us government .
one of the most shocking calls for depopulation came from dr. eric r. pianka , scientist at the university of texas back in 2006 .
pianka was speaking to an audience of fellow scientists , students , and professors when he proclaimed that 90 % of the world’s population needed to be killed using a weaponized form of the ebola virus .
he stated that an airborne version of ebola would be more effective than the hiv/aids virus has been since its release in 1979 because of the speed in which the victim dies .
if pianka’s nightmare scenario were to be carried out , how could it be done with the most efficiency and impact ?
during the hype over possible 2012 olympic games terrorist schemes , the lieutenant colonel brian fahy advised the uk government that it was “feasible” that drones equipped with biological weapons could be remote-controlled and aimed over the skies of london during the games .
fahy said : “an unmanned aerial vehicle ( uav ) can be put in a backpack .
they come in all sorts of sizes and it’s feasible they could be filled with something noxious and flown by remote-control.” in preparation for the possibility , elite soldiers wore biochemical suits , gloves and masks during training exercises provided by a top-secret military research facility in porton down , wilshire .
fahy explains : “we have worked up a comprehensive plan to protect against the potential hijacking of a commercial airliner down to slow-moving microlights or radio-controlled planes.” thanks to the national defense authorization act ( ndaa ) , 6 national drone test sites were established to coincide with the department of homeland security ( dhs ) announcement that by 2015 at least 30,000 drones will be in american skies surveying us citizens in the name of safety , according to janet napolitano .
president obama signed the faa modernization and reform act in february of this year , demanding that the faa “integrate operation of drones” into national airspace by 2015 .
these drones will be in civilian airspace , with “the potential for invasive surveillance of daily activities , ” says house representative ed markey .
just last june , researchers at the university of texas demonstrated to officials at the dhs how drones could be hacked into through their navigation systems .
by sending a false global positioning system ( gps ) signal the drones were tricked into taking a different course .
to infect a large amount of people ( like the population of a large us city ) with a bio-weapon like the ebola virus , drones could be used to spray over-head with ease .
because of the immediacy of infection , the population of cities affect would experience a dramatic reduction nearly instantly .
in fact , it would take nearly a week for officials to even respond to this type of pandemic and by that time , thousands of americans would be have succumbed to the ebola virus .
because of the effectiveness of the mortality rate of the ebola virus , it is the perfect bio-weapon .
and if combined with the recent implementation of drones in us skies , could this be a combination we should be concerned about ?
globalists like ted turner and bill gates have already stated publicly that they want a significant amount of the world’s population reduced – even as far as by 90 % in the name of climate change and reallocation of resources .
how could they accomplish such a feat without the aid of a bio-weapon ?
and furthermore , how could they ensure that large enough amounts of the population are exposed to the bio-weapon for maximum effect ?
perhaps fly drones equipped with the ebola virus over american cities , then sit back and wait .
once the virus has killed the majority of the population , the next agenda for global governance can unfold .
ebola victims photos warning graphic , ebola victims photos warning graphic date all content © 2014 the laravel podcast interested in podcasting ?
learn how you can start a podcast with www.tsgx.net .
vigilance key in ebola fight friday , october 17 , 2014 05:43 pm edt | updated : friday , october 17 , 2014 05:49 pm edt dr. gregory taylor canada 's chief public health officer discusses canada 's preparedness to the media for the ebola threat on monday october 13 , 2014 at a downtown toronto government office .
jack boland/toronto sun/qmi agency canada to ship ebola vaccine to world health organization monday we shouldn’t panic .
but we should hold the experts to the highest standards in the fight against ebola .
go ahead and make your concerns known .
because a disease like this shouldn’t be able to make it to a first world country .
thomas eric duncan , the first ebola patient diagnosed in the united states , shouldn’t have made it to dallas in the first place .
but he lied on his screening questions .
the honour system clearly isn’t working .
then we learn two nurses who cared for duncan contracted the disease .
nurses from that hospital are now speaking out about how unprepared and disorganized they were .
but this isn’t about problems at one hospital .
one of the nurses called the centre for disease control and prevention , reported she had a fever and intended to board a plane .
they didn’t tell her not to fly .
so she did and now the cdc is getting in touch with over a hundred passengers .
now the world health organization is acknowledging its own failures in dealing with the disease .
an internal document sourced by the associated press explains , “nearly everyone involved in the outbreak response failed to see some fairly plain writing on the wall .
ontario health minister eric hoskins said his province – home to canada’s busiest airport , pearson international – is prepared to deal with ebola even though the risk is very low .
probably as low as it was in dallas the day before duncan arrived .
which is why vigilance is necessary .
but what do we do ?
the african nation of senegal is actually on the cusp of declaring the disease over in their country .
health officials say patient tracking , health practices and border controls all played a role .
on tuesday immigration minister chris alexander said the canadian government isn’t ruling out travel bans .
we would support this measure .
plus , kudos to air canada and its employee union for letting flight attendants wear protective gloves .
the ebola fight in africa continues and we can better help them if we’re not preoccupied with combating it over here .
poll are we doing enough to fight ebola ?
liberia ebola vaccine hearing ‘challenging’ as cases tumble january 26 , 2015 - ebola davos , switzerland ( reuters ) – a high tumble in ebola cases in liberia will make it tough to infer either initial vaccines work in a vital clinical hearing about to start in a country , a conduct of a u.s. national institutes of health ( nih ) pronounced on saturday .
the nih competence have to pierce some contrast to adjacent sierra leone , while regulators could finish adult commendatory ebola shots formed on efficiency information from animal tests corroborated by usually singular tellurian evidence , francis collins told reuters .
liberia , once a epicenter of west africa’s lethal ebola epidemic , has only 5 remaining reliable cases of a disease , a comparison health central has said .
the pointy diminution in cases is clearly good news , though it poses a problem for scientists from a nih , glaxosmithkline and merck , who wish to enroll 27,000 people during risk of infection in a pivotal phase iii liberian study .
it will exam a gsk vaccine , a opposition one from merck and newlink , and a placebo .
if it is not probable to get a severe tellurian data , it is still probable a vaccine could be approved , ” collins said .
healthcare experts assembly in davos this week have stressed a need to keep adult a quarrel opposite ebola until there are 0 cases in west africa , where some-more than 8,600 people have died from a disease .
jeremy farrar , executive of britain’s wellcome trust health charity , pronounced vaccines and drugs were still indispensable for a stream widespread and to quarrel destiny ones .
johnson johnson , operative with bavarian nordic , also has an ebola vaccine in earlier-stage clinical tests .
northstarprepper 08-04-2014 11:41 pm i hate to keep piling on the bad news , but here is the devastating news that africa did not want to hear .
second confirmed case in nigeria is doctor who treated mr. sawyer , who died in a lagos , nigeria hospital after collapsing in their airport .
the nigerian government is trying to find and to quarantine at least 70 individuals who remain out in the general population .
lagos is the largest city in nigeria , with well over 21,000,000 people .
ebola is now loose in that city .
on top of that , their procedures to isolate and decontaminate their healthcare people have been shown immediately to be grossly inadequate .
someone should have locked this down before now .
we may have a real horrible epidemic building now .
if it is really loose in america , possibly in great britain , morocco , brazil , definitely in nigeria , and most likely other places ... and i do not want to even think about our southern border ... we could have a nasty situation building .
i could see gunfire on the border , martial law , and all sorts of bad outcomes resulting from ignorant decisions by our fearless leaders .
let 's hope we avoid it all and wake up tomorrow with all of this gone .
what a bad dream we are starting to live ... tweto 08-05-2014 12:24 am has any doctor that works for the cdc actually admitted that this current strain on ebola is not airborne ?
i do n't believe that i have heard some one that should know say it is not airborne .
every time i hear that it is not airborne it is being reported by a news guy or an internet article .
i did hear a doctor from the cdc say that ebola travels very well in moisture droplets .
what this means is that ebola can be transmitted via aerosol ( coughing and sneezing ) .
one doctor did say that if you were on an airplane with an ebola infected passenger that you would be ok if you were down the isle from them but not sitting next to them .
words are being picked very carefully .
the truth is in what they are not saying .
hooch 08-05-2014 12:42 am i just read this from a troll on zero hedge wrote that made me laugh good ... you know the ricola coughdrop commerical where the swedish guy calls out ...
ok , now replace it with eeee-bolaaaa !
so as one is $ hitting their guts out dyin at least they can have a sense of humor ... ... now i cant see the word without hearing that in my head ... eeeee-bolaaahh ...
i know..sorta not right in the head but ehh ... weedygarden 08-05-2014 12:43 am this is the latest count i have heard today : 1600 known cases , 1000 fatalities .
people are being required to wash their hands in chlorinated ( bleach ) water at airports .
what i heard is that africa is finally getting serious in what they have to do in prevention .
tsrwivey quote : originally posted by etxgal ( post 354976 ) you can download the report , and enlarge the view .
this is something i had been perturbed about , because of our current border situation .
now it seems there was a very good reason for that .
these are individuals who were caught , or turned themselves in .
we do n't know how many came on in , without notice .
ya know , i do n't know how much fun being shut in with all the kids , their spouses , & grand kids is going to but i think we just may be finding out soon !
: eyebulge : grimm quote : originally posted by tsrwivey ( post 355077 ) ya know , i do n't know how much fun being shut in with all the kids , their spouses , & grand kids is going to but i think we just may be finding out soon !
: eyebulge : your post made me get on the phone with my folks and tell them they are coming out here to bfe to stay with us if ebola gets any closer to the west coast .
they live just outside of l.a. county to the south so i am concerned with the l.a. international airport .
weedygarden the hot zone book i read that stephen king , the author , thought that chapter one of the hot zone was the scariest thing he ever read .
this is the link to the book on amazon , and if you look , you can preview the book and you can read part of chapter one in this preview .
northstarprepper 08-05-2014 01:39 am wanted to correct my earlier post from abc news .
nigerian government now has 8 people in quarantine and are closely monitoring 70 more .
3 additional healthcare workers at the hospital in lagos , nigeria where mr. sawyer died have tested positive also for ebola .
read an interesting article on another preppers site about ebola .
it seems they did an experiment several years ago and injected the ebola-zaire strain ( the really bad one with 90 % + mortality rates ) into pigs .
the pigs did not die , but only got what amounted to a type of flu from the virus .
however , four macaque monkeys , being kept in cages nearby ( but not close enough that the animals could touch each other ) contracted ebola and died .
therefore , the pigs harbored the virus without it killing them ( as pigs in africa may do today ) , but the virus retained all of its virulence and killed all four monkeys .
now , the sixty-four dollar question that the researchers could never answer ... how did the virus get from the pigs to the monkeys ?
on a sneeze or cough particle of moisture as they hypothesized ?
or does ebola have the ability to go airborne , even in slight amounts ?
that question was not answered then and remains a matter of conjecture now .
most doctors will stick with the standard of ebola has not been proven to be airborne transmitted at this time .
what scientists do know and will tell you off the record is that nothing scares them more than a very virulent virus that mutates and becomes airborne .
that is mankind 's worse nightmare .
whether it is ebola , bird flu , swine flu , or some new bug , one day it is going to happen .
we have this opportunity to test ourselves for pandemic preparedness .
what else do we need ?
what else can we do ?
do we have family , friends , or neighbors that need help ?
what can we do to help without compromising our own safety ?
my wife and i will be helping as many as we can .
i have read a few things about killing viruses and believe we can safely reach out to our neighbors to help .
we are ready , thanks to you fine folks on here and lots of study .
if it comes , our house will be a lighthouse .
weedygarden 08-05-2014 01:45 am my boyfriend is pretty excited about this ebola thing .
i told him i have a supply of n-95 masks and lots of goggles left from teaching science ( no school funding , teacher funded , i buy , i keep ) , and that i could make tyvek suits .
he told me if we were close enough to the virus that we thought we needed all this , we were too close and this stuff would n't make a difference .
padre quote : originally posted by weedygarden ( post 355094 ) my boyfriend is pretty excited about this ebola thing .
i told him i have a supply of n-95 masks and lots of goggles left from teaching science ( no school funding , teacher funded , i buy , i keep ) , and that i could make tyvek suits .
he told me if we were close enough to the virus that we thought we needed all this , we were too close and this stuff would n't make a difference .
yup , if docs who are taught biohazard procedures can make mistakes with protective clothing and contract this virus you do n't want to be close enough that you need masks and gowns .
the time now is 06:10 am .
preparedness 101 : zombie apocalypse | public health updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:45 1,274 comments on “preparedness 101 : zombie apocalypse” comments listed below are posted by individuals not ociated with cdc , unless otherwise stated .
zombie apocalypse outbreak updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:45 the # 1 source for left 4 dead 2 , call of duty zombies , mods & other scary games .
we post new custom zombies videos every day , and enjoy playing other zombie games .
howto : survive a zombie outbreak - uncyclopedia , the updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:45 “oh my !
we 're all gon na die ! ” “get ahold of yourself !
its one big video game crossover and the zombie cdc - read cdc 's # zombiecomic preparedness 101 zombie pandemic updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:45 zombie novella .
cdc has a fun way of teaching about emergency preparedness .
our graphic novel , `` preparedness 101 : zombie pandemic '' demonstrates the zombie survival outbreak | action games | play free games updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:45 zombie survival outbreak , a free online action game brought to you by armor games .
make your way through the never-ending hordes of undead zombies .
this is your final zombie preparedness - centers for disease control and updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:45 zombie preparedness .
wonder why zombies , zombie apocalypse , and zombie preparedness continue to live or walk dead on a cdc web site ?
as it turns out what ebola victim rises from the dead in africa , fear of zombie updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:45 the first reports of ebola victims rising from the dead was reported by liberia’s national newspaper .
initially , officials from the world health organization fled real zombie apocalypse ! !
training military , law updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:45 this video is the actual footage of first responder seminar in san diego , california .
the department of homeland security deemed the event an allowable
only 40 per cent of ebola funds reached target countries : study world news | thomson reuters | wednesday february 4 , 2015 almost $ 2.9 billion was pledged by the end of 2014 in donations to fight west africa 's ebola epidemic , yet only around 40 per cent had actually reached affected countries , researchers said on tuesday .
world news | associated press | tuesday january 27 , 2015 secretary-general ban ki-moon will head to ethiopia later this week to attend the african union summit .
ebola mistakes should serve a lesson : world health organization world news | agence france-presse | monday january 26 , 2015 the world health organization 's chief on sunday admitted the un agency had been caught napping on ebola , saying it should serve a lesson to avoid similar mistakes in future .
ebola fight remains tough but may be won this year : un mission chief world news | reuters | saturday january 3 , 2015 the world can stamp out the ebola outbreak in west africa by the end of the year but months of tough work remain , the outgoing chief of the united nations ' anti-ebola mission said on friday .
un ebola team leaders to visit west africa starting monday world news | associated press | thursday january 1 , 2015 the un ebola chief will be taking the new head of the un 's mission to fight the deadly disease on a tour of the most affected countries in west africa starting monday .
centers for disease control to hire lab safety chief after ebola , bird flu mishaps world news | reuters | wednesday december 31 , 2014 the us centers for disease control and prevention plans to hire a chief of laboratory safety , a new post that has taken on more urgency after a cdc scientist was possibly exposed to ebola in a laboratory last week .
first conviction in sierra leone under ebola laws world news | agence france-presse | wednesday december 24 , 2014 a village chief has become the first person in sierra leone to be jailed under laws aimed at preventing the spread of the ebola virus , court officials and lawyers said on tuesday .
ebola-ravaged liberia holds long-delayed senate vote world news | agence france-presse | sunday december 21 , 2014 liberians voted on saturday in long-delayed senate elections in the ebola-ravaged west african nation as un chief ban ki-moon wound up a regional tour to assess the fight against the epidemic .
un chief , visiting ebola countries , urges respect for health rules world news | reuters | friday december 19 , 2014 u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon , starting a visit to ebola-hit countries in west africa , urged local communities to strictly follow health regulations in the face of signs that traditional funerals are still spreading the disease .
sierra leone 's leading doctor dies of ebola world news | reuters | friday december 19 , 2014 sierra leone 's leading doctor died of ebola on thursday , hours after the arrival in the country of an experimental drug that could have been used to treat him , the government 's chief medical officer said .
united nations chief ban ki-moon to visit ebola-hit countries world news | agence france-presse | thursday december 18 , 2014 un secretary general ban ki-moon will leave wednesday for a visit to ebola-hit countries in west africa to take stock of international efforts to beat back the deadly epidemic .
un chief ban ki-moon appoints new ebola mission head world news | agence france-presse | friday december 12 , 2014 un chief ban ki-moon on thursday appointed a mauritanian national to head the un ebola mission set up two months ago to combat the world 's worst outbreak of the virus .
world bank announces $ 160 million for ebola-hit sierra leone world news | reuters | wednesday december 3 , 2014 world bank chief jim yong kim announced a $ 160 million two-year economic recovery plan on wednesday to help impoverished sierra leone battle the worst ebola outbreak on record .
world health organisation elects africa 's next chief world news | associated press | wednesday november 5 , 2014 as ebola continues to burn its way through three west african countries , the world health organization on wednesday elected its next africa director , a doctor from botswana who is a longtime veteran of the un agency at a meeting in benin .
ban ki-moon slams 'unnecessary ' ebola restrictions on health workers world news | agence france-presse | monday november 3 , 2014 un chief ban ki-moon warned on monday against `` unnecessarily '' strict restrictions on health workers returning from treating ebola patients , in an apparent reference to quarantines and visa bans by some western nations .
us liberia lab chief tells hip hop-dancing boys they 're ebola-free world news | reuters | monday november 3 , 2014 for the past five weeks us navy lieutenant commander benjamin espinosa has been testing blood samples for the deadly ebola virus at a mobile laboratory in liberia .
who chief promises transparency on ebola failures world news | associated press | wednesday october 22 , 2014 the head of the world health organization says the agency will be upfront about its handling of the ebola outbreak , following an internal report that details failures in containing the virus .
obama names ebola 'czar ' to oversee health security world news | associated press | saturday october 18 , 2014 president barack obama is naming ron klain , a former chief of staff to vice president joe biden and a trusted adviser at the obama white house , as the point man on the us government 's response to the ebola crisis .
who tells east asia pacific to bolster ebola defences world news | agence france-presse | monday october 13 , 2014 world health organisation chief margaret chan on monday urged east asian and pacific countries to strengthen defences against the ebola outbreak , warning that the whole world may be at risk .
us troops heading into africa soon for ebola fight world news | associated press | saturday september 20 , 2014 thousands of promised american forces will be moving into africa over the next 30 days to set up facilities and form training teams to help the africans treat ebola victims , the army 's top officer said friday .
newlink genetics says ebola vaccine trial could start in weeks world news | reuters | thursday august 14 , 2014 newlink genetics corp , which licensed an ebola vaccine developed by canadian government scientists , has enough doses on hand to launch the first human safety trial of an ebola vaccine this summer , its chief executive said on wednesday .
newlink says ebola vaccine trial could start in weeks world news | reuters | thursday august 14 , 2014 newlink genetics corp , which licensed an ebola vaccine developed by canadian government scientists , has enough doses on hand to launch the first human safety trial of an ebola vaccine this summer , its chief executive said on wednesday .
100 % satisfaction guaranteed uh oh ... unknown 0 can’t display all the features of our site .
may we suggest an alternative browser ?
because you won’t want to miss out on all this goodness .
ebola 리베리아 마그넷 변경 지금 zazzle의 ebola 리베리아 마그넷 섹션을 보고 계십니다 .
주문제작이 가능하고 현재 상태 그대로도 구입할 수 있는 여러 형태와 크기의 ebola 리베리아 냉장고 마그넷을 찾을 수 있습니다 .
인기 있는 사이즈 두 가지로는 3인치 원형 마그넷과 2인치 정사각형 냉장고 마그넷이 있습니다 .
최소 주문량은 없으며 많은 마그넷 디자인을 자신만의 고유한 디자인 , 사진 , 그리고 텍스트를 활용해서 할 수 있습니다 .
zazzle.co.kr에서 제공되는 다른 상품을 보려면 ebola 리베리아 메인 페이지를 확인하세요 .
대부분의 마그넷 주문은 24시간 이내에 배송됩니다 !
british-led scientists trial 15-minute ebola test in guinea november 2014 french president francois hollande ( l ) shakes hands with shakes hands with guinean fanta camara ( c ) , recently cured from ebola virus , on november 28 , 2014 in conakry , as part of a one day visit in guinea focused on ebola situation .
afp british scientists announced trials on a 15-minute ebola test in guinea as french president francois hollande became the first western leader to visit a country devastated by the epidemic .
the prototype is six times faster than current tests and aims to speed up diagnosis , the london-based global research charity wellcome trust and britain 's department for international development ( dfid ) said in a statement .
she said the test was designed to be suitable for remote field hospitals where electricity and cold storage are often scarce .
the trials , to be led by researchers from dakar 's pasteur institute at an ebola treatment centre in conakry in the coming weeks , will come as a welcome boon in guinea which has lost 1,200 people to ebola .
the biggest ebola epidemic on record has claimed around 5,700 lives in guinea , liberia and sierra leone since the beginning of the year , according to the world health organization .
president hollande pledged his support for guinea after arriving in france 's west african former colony on friday .
he said he was bringing with him a message of solidarity to healthcare workers who `` take risks to ensure the highest quality care '' , and a message of confidence , because `` it was very important to tell the world that guinea is still alive , still fighting '' .
he also wanted to call for vigilance , he said , because `` the battle against ebola is n't won '' .
'very important sign the visit is the first by a french president since 1999 , and comes after france pledged 100 million euros ( $ 125 million ) towards the fight against the epidemic in guinea .
the money will help finance several care centres as well as 200 beds , some of which are reserved for health workers caring for the sick .
france has also pledged to set up two training centres for health workers , one in france and one in guinea .
in addition , french biotechnology companies will set up rapid diagnostic tests in africa .
hollande visited healthcare workers at conakry 's donka hospital , which hosts the city 's doctors without borders ebola treatment unit , alongside his guinean counterpart alpha conde .
before entering , both men followed the protocol of washing their hands and having their temperatures taken .
the french leader is also due to sign a cooperation agreement with guinean authorities for the creation of a pasteur institute in conakry by the end of 2016 , the global medical research organisation said on thursday .
conde said on wednesday the use of force was entirely justified in battling the deadly ebola outbreak .
meanwhile the guinean opposition coalition this week denounced the lack of consultation by the government over its strategy for fighting ebola .
hollande travelled to the senegalese capital dakar later on friday to take part in a summit of french-speaking leaders that is likely to be dominated by the ebola crisis as well as the recent unrest in burkina faso .
hollande told a cheering crowd in conakry that he would `` launch a new appeal for international mobilisation .
but france must lead by example '' .
the federation of red cross and red crescent societies urged the international community to refrain from `` complacency '' despite signs that the epidemic is stabilising in guinea and liberia .
in a separate development , mali announced on friday that it had , for the first time , successfully treated a patient with the virus .
this person was treated effectively , '' said health minister ousmane kone at a press conference .
realisierung und hosting der finanzmarktinformationen : vwd vereinigte wirtschaftsdienste gmbh verzögerung der kursdaten : deutsche börse 15 min. , nasdaq und nyse 20 min .
keine gewähr für die richtigkeit der angaben .
bitte beachten sie auch : nutzungsbasierte onlinewerbung
cephas’s survival : “it’s always a good day when a cured ebola patient goes home” uploaded by evadmin on january 6 , 2015 at 11:26 pm like share thanks !
share it with your friends !
i’ve never had a job like this , ” explains california nurse audrey rangel from inside the ebola treatment unit ( etu ) in bong county , liberia in october 2014… .
rating : story of the day : thanks to nurses like audrey rangel , patients in liberia are winning the fight against ebola .
audrey’s days are spent on the front lines of the ebola response , suiting up in protective gear and caring for the sick .
even as she roots for survivors , she admits that its easy to get attached to her patients : “for some reason you’re sad to see them go.” this short film blends an intimate look at life in an etu with a powerful story of survival .
the bong county etu is run by international medical corps and supported and funded by usaid and the american people.﻿ “i’ve never had a job like this , ” explains california nurse audrey rangel from inside the # ebola treatment unit ( etu ) in bong county , liberia in october 2014 .
audrey’s days are spent on the front lines of the ebola response , suiting up in protective gear and caring for the sick .
even as she roots for survivors , she admits that its easy to get attached to her patients : “for some reason you’re sad to see them go.” this short film blends an intimate look at life in an etu with a powerful story of survival .
the bong county etu is run by international medical corps and supported and funded by usaid and the american people.﻿ a personal look at a volunteer nurse on the front line of the # ebola fight .
audrey’s days are spent on the front lines of the ebola response , suiting up in protective gear and caring for the sick .
even as she roots for survivors , she admits that its easy to get attached to her patients : “for some reason you’re sad to see them go.” this short film blends an intimate look at life in an etu with a powerful story of survival .
the bong county etu is run by international medical corps and supported and funded by usaid and the american people.﻿ a personal look at a volunteer nurse on the front line of the # ebola fight .
audrey’s days are spent on the front lines of the ebola response , suiting up in protective gear and caring for the sick .
even as she roots for survivors , she admits that its easy to get attached to her patients : “for some reason you’re sad to see them go.” this short film blends an intimate look at life in an etu with a powerful story of survival .
the bong county etu is run by international medical corps and supported and funded by usaid and the american people.﻿
0 the doctor who has been diagnosed with ebola in new york city arrived at john f. kennedy international airport on 17 october and went through the improved screening for travellers from the three worst-hit west african countries , officials said on thursday .
the u.s. centres for disease control ( cdc ) said the patient , who had worked with ebola patients in guinea , `` participated in the enhanced screening for all returning travelers from these countries '' upon his arrival at jfk .
read : airport screening essential for curbing spread of ebola this referred to special screening introduced earlier this month at five major u.s. airports – including jfk – for travellers coming from the three countries in west africa worst hit by ebola : guinea , liberia and sierra leone .
the doctor `` went through multiple layers of screening and did not have a fever or other symptoms of illness , '' the cdc added in a statement .
the cdc did not name the patient , but he was identified by other officials as dr. craig spencer .
ebola : be vigilant , but don’t panic a los angeles bus driver was quarantined for several hours on monday after a passenger wearing a surgical mask claimed he had ebola , a county transportation official said .
the man , who was accompanied by a woman without any protective gear , boarded the venice , california-bound bus and told the driver , `` do n't mess with me .
i have ebola , '' said los angeles county metro spokesman paul gonzales .
after a few minutes , the man dropped his mask and exited the bus with the woman , gonzales said .
the driver told the rest of the passengers to take the next bus , then drove the vehicle to a central bus yard .
as a precaution , the driver was sequestered for two hours , then taken to a local hospital where he was examined and released in apparent good health , gonzales said .
gonzales said officials are reviewing surveillance video from inside the bus to help apprehend the man , and are treating the scare as a terrorist threat .
reader 's comments » if you already have an account on this newspaper , you can login to the newspaper to add your comments .
by adding a comment on the site , you accept our terms and conditions and our netiquette rules .
latest from mh free sample this recent issue is free to all users to allow everyone the opportunity to see the full scope and typical content of jme .
ebola in new york now user name mark forums read hangar talk open forum for discussion of any topic you like , aviation related or otherwise ( but no spin zone material , see below ) .
virtually all topics in this forum are permitted - so long as they are discussed in a civil manner .
note : politics and religion and any other topic likely to become highly charged must be posted in the spin zone .
to gain access to the spin zone , click this link and join the spin zone group .
page 4 of 5 re : ebola in new york now quote : originally posted by johnh even in my veterinary hospital , i am required to have formal training programs regarding every type of hazardous material we have on site .
we have to have spill kits with masks , gloves , and all sorts of disposable clean up material .
all new employees must undergo hazmat training prior to being allowed to go to work .
and every employee must undergo recurring training on an annual basis , and this training must be documented .
we have to document how we identify and create hazardous waste and we have do document when and how all of it is disposed of .
our red book has to contain all of our written procedures , contacts and receipts .
our msds book has to include information on almost everything in the hospital that you should n't drink or put in your eyes .
we have been inspected by the dept of health three times in the past 18 months .
and this does n't even include the inspections of our x-ray equipment .
or the fire prevention equipment inspection .
or the employment poster inspection .
or any of the dozen other inspections we undergo annually .
are you saying that human hospitals are held to lesser standards ?
do you have ebola in your red book ?
how about the plague , etc .
yes , you are trained in what you see daily , it 's what you do n't see daily that you lack all training on !
re : ebola in new york now quote : bubonic plague does exist in the us ... .
we keep it in bsl4 's .
and yes , it is active bubonic plague .
re : ebola in new york now quote : bubonic plague does exist in the us ... .
i 'm sure it does , both in control and in the wild .
but the plague is out there running around in the dirt .
re : ebola in new york now we have it in our back yards and the camp grounds as well .
the hanti-virus is more likely to get you , i have 2 friends that got it , one survived .
re : ebola in new york now quote : nothing would have prevented obama from appointing murthy as the ebola czar if that 's what he thought we needed .
but apparently he thought we needed a lawyer instead .
*** the current ebola `` outbreak '' is not a medical problem , and medical `` solutions '' are not going to calm people 's fears .
what 's going to calm people down is seeing people put into quarantine before they get sick .
there 's no good reason why we do n't quarantine everyone coming directly for the hot zone for 21 days .
or let them stay in `` enlightened '' europe for 21 days before they come back here .
that 's how you contain it .
not by splitting hairs about vectors and likelihood of transmission .
but by drawing a box around it .
so far it 's pure luck , and not protocols , that have kept the virus as contained as it 's been here .
it 's just luck that spencer did n't puke on anyone at the bowling alley and the nurse did n't sneeze on anyone in the plane .
poa test pilotpilots of america management posts : 18,836 re : ebola in new york now and the nurse that 's being held against her will in nj has hired a civil rights attorney .
lots of publicity , and little of it good .
quarantining people who are not ill or shedding virus at a location far away from home is not good policy .
the soul that knows it not , knows no release from little things ; knows not the livid loneliness of fear .
lots of publicity , and little of it good .
quarantining people who are not ill or shedding virus at a location far away from home is not good policy .
nate duehr , pp-asel , instrument airplane n1279m kapa c-182p robertson stol posts : 7,385 re : ebola in new york now the governors do n't trust the scientists who oppose a mandatory quarantine for health care professionals exposed to ebola .
the white house does n't trust the governors .
the governors do n't trust the white house .
doctors do n't trust nurses .
nurses do n't trust hospital administrators .
hospital administrators do n't trust federal officials , and the feds do n't trust them .
this rampant lack of faith in each other and in our institutions is how we got to a place where the state of new jersey is holding a courageous 33-year-old nurse hostage .
after treating ebola patients in west africa and twice testing negative for the virus , kaci hickox was ordered quarantined in a cold , spartan tent outside newark 's university hospital .
in 40 years of studying ebola outbreaks , no one has seen a mystery case .
people are infected by direct contact with others�not casual contact on buses , trains , or in the street .
my soul recognizes your soul .
i honor the love , light , beauty , truth and kindness within you because it is also within me .
in sharing these things there is no distance and no difference between us .
poa test pilotpilots of america management re : ebola in new york now quote : originally posted by auntpeggy after treating ebola patients in west africa and twice testing negative for the virus , kaci hickox was ordered quarantined in a cold , spartan tent outside newark 's university hospital .
we treat prisoners with more dignity than this .
the soul that knows it not , knows no release from little things ; knows not the livid loneliness of fear .
are we to believe that the nurse from dallas getting on a plane , nancy sniderman going out for chinese , or the doc in new york going bowling were the result of carefully calculated an analysed algorithms regarding their exposure and the likelihood of contracting the virus ?
what about the homeless guy in dallas who was told to meet healthcare workers in two days so they could take his temp ?
or duncan 's family who eventually had to be put under armed guard because they would n't stay put ?
i do n't trust anyone to look out for anyone but themselves .
is n't that why we have a government in the first place ?
to force people to care about more than themselves ?
someone who knows she 's been exposed to ebola ( whether symptomatic or not ) has absolutely zero incentive to self-quarantine ( going out is n't going to make her own situation worse ) , its a complete pita , and all the empirical evidence is that they wo n't do it .
faith and trust do n't prevent outbreaks .
re : ebola in new york now in 40 years , nobody has been infected with ebola from casual contact .
distrust and superstition do n't help the situation .
my soul recognizes your soul .
i honor the love , light , beauty , truth and kindness within you because it is also within me .
in sharing these things there is no distance and no difference between us .
re : ebola in new york now quote : in 40 years , nobody has been infected with ebola from casual contact .
distrust and superstition do n't help the situation .
when the symptomatic doctor got on the nyc subway , how did he know he was going to have only `` casual contact '' with the other riders ?
how did he know he was n't going to barf all over them ?
the only way to know that was n't going to happen was for him to not be on the subway .
and all the evidence strongly suggests that the only way to keep him ( and everyone else like him ) off the subway is quarantine .
as someone who lives only blocks away from both dallas ebola `` victims '' and shops at the same grocery stores , i can assure you that `` trust '' in the white house 's knowledge of the spread of infectious diseases does n't make me any more comfortable about feeding my daughter an apple that amber vinson might have handled with her sneezed-on hand before she went to cleveland .
the only thing that can help the situation is taking away the vectors of infection .
that means eliminating contact between people who might be infected and the general public .
all of the objections to this that i 've heard boil down to `` it 's not nice .
but that just may be what it takes to stop an epidemic .
posts : 6,474 re : ebola in new york now quarantining people cause they might barf on you is the same as banning little airplanes because they might crash into you .
re : ebola in new york now quote : in 40 years , nobody has been infected with ebola from casual contact .
distrust and superstition do n't help the situation .
i do n't particularly trust that the government ( or who , etc .
but i also oppose the quarantine as being an excessive , unnecessary , politically-motivated , knee-jerk response that tramples upon people 's civil rights .
surely there 's some response that would be sufficiently cautious without making prisoners of good-hearted people .
for example , they could be asked to avoid certain higher-risk activities and places until such a time when the titer level ( or whatever it is they test for ) in a blood test would be sufficient to conduct an accurate test , rather than being placed under house arrest or locked up in a quarantine ward .
this obviously politically-driven piece of theater makes me even more ashamed of those two buffoons running the state and the city , respectively , than i was before .
rich __________________ `` men 's courses will foreshadow certain ends , to which , if persevered in , they must lead .
but if the courses be departed from , the ends will change .
did christie actually sign the ransom note ?
re : ebola in new york now quote : awesome !
did christie actually sign the ransom note ?
you 're not a bright individual and your posts prove this out .
posts : 49,256 re : ebola in new york now if the want to quarantine people , fine , but they have to pay them their wage .
this is denial of liberty without a fair trial .
are we to believe that the nurse from dallas getting on a plane , nancy sniderman going out for chinese , or the doc in new york going bowling were the result of carefully calculated an analysed algorithms regarding their exposure and the likelihood of contracting the virus ?
what about the homeless guy in dallas who was told to meet healthcare workers in two days so they could take his temp ?
or duncan 's family who eventually had to be put under armed guard because they would n't stay put ?
i do n't trust anyone to look out for anyone but themselves .
is n't that why we have a government in the first place ?
to force people to care about more than themselves ?
someone who knows she 's been exposed to ebola ( whether symptomatic or not ) has absolutely zero incentive to self-quarantine ( going out is n't going to make her own situation worse ) , its a complete pita , and all the empirical evidence is that they wo n't do it .
faith and trust do n't prevent outbreaks .
and some folks do n't trust the government because they play politics with this sort of thing .
let me pose a question to you : we know , factually , that gun violence involving mentally is people is a problem in the us .
some have been known to purchase guns shortly before killing people .
in face , more folks die from gun violence in the us than die from ebola .
given the immediate threat to public health and safety , would you support a 21 day quarantine for anyone proposing to purchase a gun ?
if not , why not ?
the soul that knows it not , knows no release from little things ; knows not the livid loneliness of fear .
this is denial of liberty without a fair trial .
i think some places have quarantined people who have tested positive for tb .
apparently it 's the only way to force some people to take their meds all the way through the treatment and not end up with a drug resistant form of tb .
i do n't know if they have been reimbursed or not , i think the majority have been homeless , or living in homeless shelters .
here 's what cdc says is the authority : `` ... because without beer , things do not seem to go as well ... '' diary of brother epp capuchin monastery munjor kansas 1902 last edited by matthew ; october 27th , 2014 at 12:34 pm .
poa test pilotpilots of america management re : ebola in new york now quote : originally posted by henning if the want to quarantine people , fine , but they have to pay them their wage .
this is denial of liberty without a fair trial .
got ta be more than that .
in addition to their wage , they also need to be guaranteed their jobs back .
i also do n't understand why the quarantine only applies to folks returning from west africa and not also apply to every medical professional that has been exposed to ebola patients here in the us .
the soul that knows it not , knows no release from little things ; knows not the livid loneliness of fear .
apparently it 's the only way to force some people to take their meds all the way through the treatment and not end up with a drug resistant form of tb .
i do n't know if they have been reimbursed or not , i think the majority have been homeless , or living in homeless shelters .
here 's what cdc says is the authority : yes , but that 's for people that are actually ill , not folks that are a symptomatic and have tested negative ( like this nurse ) .
the soul that knows it not , knows no release from little things ; knows not the livid loneliness of fear .
let me pose a question to you : we know , factually , that gun violence involving mentally is people is a problem in the us .
i do n't know any such thing , but i 'd be happy to review your evidence .
nevertheless , it is , in fact , illegal to run around town pointing a gun at people .
even if you do n't shoot anyone .
and , in most places , even if it 's unloaded .
it 's even more illegal to randomly shoot your gun in the air , even though its very unlikely to actually injure someone .
there are many analogies and strawmen we can argue with .
it 's so much more fun to actually discuss the facts at hand .
the nurse -- who 's now out of involuntary quarantine -- was exposed to ebola .
there is no question about that .
she , at least initially , had a fever when she returned to this country , the first symptom of the disease .
so , if you were king of new jersey , what would you have done ?
re : ebola in new york now quote : originally posted by wsuffa bubonic plague does exist in the us ... . yersinia is easily treatable with antibiotics .
ebola less so , though yersinia is as infective and far more contagious than ebola .
nevertheless , it is , in fact , illegal to run around town pointing a gun at people .
even if you do n't shoot anyone .
and , in most places , even if it 's unloaded .
it 's even more illegal to randomly shoot your gun in the air , even though its very unlikely to actually injure someone .
there are many analogies and strawmen we can argue with .
it 's so much more fun to actually discuss the facts at hand .
the nurse -- who 's now out of involuntary quarantine -- was exposed to ebola .
there is no question about that .
she , at least initially , had a fever when she returned to this country , the first symptom of the disease .
so , if you were king of new jersey , what would you have done ?
first , i would not want to be king of new jersey ( shudder ) .
but since you 've thrown up that straw man , i 'll bite : me ?
i 'd follow the cdc guidance that 's based on science .
i would not take a health care professional , put her in a tent without shower or other human comforts and tell her she could not leave .
i 'd especially not `` diagnose '' her without medical knowledge and a full examination .
if you read the facts , her temperature when taken on a regular thermometer was normal .
in fact , her original temperature was normal even on the non-contact type until they denied her food and water , failed to giver her information , and let her stew for a couple of hours .
when she got to the hospital , the examining doctor proclaimed her normal .
thank goodness that they did n't hospitalize her for high blood pressure , too .
now , you have agreed that it is illegal to do certain acts with a gun .
and i think there 's no doubt that there is an epidemic of gun violence in the us .
let 's take virginia tech as just one example : 32 dead .
the law prohibits purchase of guns by those that are `` mentally defective '' .
the gunman purchased the last of his guns shortly before the massacre .
he had been judged to be `` mentally defective '' .
by the logic used by the `` king of new jersey '' ( your words ) , self-reporting does not work , and therefore it is the government 's responsibility to keep us safe .
since the government has no way to know whether an individual might use the gun in a criminal manner to hurt folks , it therefore must take action ( such as a month-long quarantine ) to observe prospective purchasers so they do n't hurt others .
i am not suggesting that we should actually do that , but it is the exact same logical construct used by mr. christie .
duly noted that some states have waiting periods and foid permit processes .
they are not the same as state-mandated quarantine and personal observation of someone .
what i find interesting here is that many of the same people who would vociferously oppose those kinds of restrictions are also adamant about travel bans and quarantines for a disease that there is scientific evidence about .
it 's not like ebola is new .
it 's also interesting to note that there is no quarantine for folks treating patients here in the us , yet the governors of 3 states have taken it upon themselves to quarantine only those returning from overseas .
with other epidemics , quarantines have been imposed on those that are actually sick - here , it 's an assumption that someone is sick until time proves otherwise .
so much of the arguments on both sides become moot .
the soul that knows it not , knows no release from little things ; knows not the livid loneliness of fear .
disease , health tips , weight loss , lifestyle fri , 13 mar 2015 07:23:58 +0000 hourly
slicing the news the way they were meant !
thu , 05 mar 2015 03:25:40 +0000 hourly
share this tweet this sick jihadis are being tested for ebola .
isis fighters are being evaluated by the world health organization for the deadly virus .
who is also checking a mosul hospital 250 miles north of baghdad for others who may be infected , according to the new york post .
mosul has been under isis control since june 2014 .
however , iraqi newspaper al-sabah reported the fighters do have ebola and are being treated .
share this story like us on facebook related news pope francis christmas speech compares isis refugees to jesus `` the ebola virus could be in any area in the world , including mosul , where they do n't have the measures or techniques to diagnose the virus , '' ministry spokesman ahmed rudaini said .
if the ill patients are determined to have ebola , it would be the first time an isis-controlled area has the virus .
isis does not believe in modern medicine or science , making it a potentially problematic situation. `` u.n. workers have thus far been prohibited from entering isis-controlled territory in both iraq and syria , '' said benjamin t. decker , an intelligence analyst for levantine group .
a sample of the pathogen was taken from one lab to another , and mistakes made by technicians possibly exposed workers , according to the cdc .
ebola mhealth lessons in ebola crisis continue to spawn tech innovation fiercemobilehealthcare | october 26 , 2014 there 's a centuries-old saying that every cloud has a silver lining. the silver lining i 'm focusing on is the mobile health technology lessons being learned from the current ebola virus outbreak -- and how these lessons will foster greater mhealth tools and tech moving forward .
mobile tech critical to ebola eradication in nigeria fiercemobilehealthcare | october 26 , 2014 nigeria leaders are crediting mhealth and social media technology for playing a big role in containing and eradicating the ebola virus from the country .
support , care for health workers to improve patient experience fiercehealthcare | october 24 , 2014 guest post by jason a. wolf , ph.d. , president of the beryl institute , a global community of practice focused on patient experience improvement , and founding editor of patient experience journal .
it ... karen desalvo steps down from onc post ; jacob reider to leave in november fiercehealthit | october 23 , 2014 karen desalvo will step down from her role as national coordinator for health it , effective immediately , to serve as acting assistant secretary for health at the u.s. department of health and human services .
deputy national coordinator jacob reider also will step down in late november .
texas health presbyterian financial losses become clearer fiercehealthfinance | october 23 , 2014 following published reports suggesting that texas health presbyterian , the dallas hospital that accidentally allowed two of its nurses to be infected with the ebola virus from a patient , had taken a financial hit as a result , bloomberg has quantified the loss : a 20 percent-plus drop in its revenue and patient census .
cdc urges stronger ebola precautions for physician offices fiercepracticemanagement | october 21 , 2014 a false alarm with a patient suspected to have e bola at a massachusetts medical practice last week prompted an outcry for more guidance as to how offices should respond to the threat , the boston globe re ported .
texas health presbyterian takes financial hit for ebola screw-ups fiercehealthfinance | october 20 , 2014 the confirmation that two nurses were infected with the ebola virus has had a devastating short-term effect on the bottom line of texas health presbyterian hospital .
ebola : legal implications for hospitals , healthcare workers fiercehealthcare | october 17 , 2014 to find out the legal implications texas health presbyterian hospital in dallas may face in the wake of the latest ebola-related incidents -- and the legal rights of the medical workers who face the greatest risk as they care for patients with the illness -- fiercehealthcare spoke with karen evans , r.n. , j.d. , an attorney with the johnnie cochran law firm in the district of columbia .
lax guidelines led to ebola spread in dallas fiercehealthcare | october 16 , 2014 infection control experts blame lax federal guidelines for the spread of ebola to two dallas healthcare workers who cared for the country 's first ebola patient , the new york times reports .
cdc outlines new ebola protocol with rapid response teams fiercehealthcare | october 15 , 2014 the centers for disease control and prevention tuesday launched a new strategy to stop the spread of ebola to healthcare workers in the wake of news that a second clinician who cared for ebola patient thomas eric duncan before he died has come down with the deadly virus .
2 more sierra leonean doctors die of ebola two more sierra leonean doctors have died from ebola , further depleting the west african country’s ability to respond to the devastating outbreak , health officials said saturday .
the deaths bring the number of sierra leonean doctors killed by ebola to nine .
the disease is spread through the bodily [ ... ] get ebola news updates in your email email address
apr 15 , 2014 online editor health 0 anambra government on tuesday warned traders against care-free eating habits and unhygienic practices to check the possible outbreak of ebola virus in the state .
the director of primary health care and disease control , dr chukwudi okoye , gave the warning while speaking to the news agency of nigeria ( nan ) in onitsha .
he said the ministry of health had distributed leaflets and fliers as well as sensitised the chairmen of most markets across the state on the dreaded disease .
okoye noted that it had placed jingles on broadcast stations across the state to enhance the reach of the campaign .
the director said that the ministry would continue to sustain the campaign against the virus until the episode would be over .
the federal ministry of health has confirmed that the country was safe from the disease , but needed to be alert .
search for duplicate files search for duplicate files based on hash values .
personally , i do n't think we can be too careful when dealing with a biosafety level 4 , such as ebola , to try to and keep it from spreading as much as possible ... ..but hey , that 's just me .
facebookemail twitter google+ linkedin pinterest american arrives for ebola treatment at nih clinic an american health care worker infected with the deadly ebola virus in sierra leone will be admitted for treatment friday at a special unit at the national institutes of health outside washington .
post to facebook american arrives for ebola treatment at nih clinic an american health care worker infected with the deadly ebola virus in sierra leone will be admitted for treatment friday at a special unit at the national institutes of health outside washington .
check out this story on usatoday.com : http : //usat.ly/1gzgv9f cancelsend a link has been sent to your friend 's email address .
a link has been posted to your facebook feed .
join the nation 's conversation to find out more about facebook commenting please read the conversation guidelines and faqs american arrives for ebola treatment at nih clinic doug stanglin , usa today 9:05 a.m. edt march 15 , 2015 an american healthcare worker with ebola arrived at a maryland hospital on friday morning .
the worker , who has not been identified , tested positive for the disease while working in sierra leone .
vpc in this photo taken on monday , a health care worker looks out while wearing ebola virus protective gear before entering a high risk zone at a ebola virus clinic in makeni , sierra leone .
the unidentified individual was flown back to the facility in bethesda , md. , in isolation in a chartered aircraft , nih officials said in a statement .
the patient , who was volunteering in an ebola treatment unit in west africa , was admitted at 4:44 a.m. and will be treated at the nih 's special clinical studies unit , a high-level containment facility .
the unidentified volunteer health worker is the second american infected with ebola to be admitted to the facility .
nina pham , a dallas nurse , was successfully treated by nih in october after being infected by thomas eric duncan , a liberian resident who later died at the dallas hospital where she worked .
two other health workers admitted to nih had `` high-risk '' exposures to ebola in west africa but who did not become sick .
atlanta 's emory hospital , nebraska medical center in omaha and new york 's bellevue hospital also treated ebola patients last year .
a u.s. health worker with ebola is heading to the national institutes of health clinical center in bethesda , md .
the world health organization said thursday that sierra leone , guinea and liberia have recorded 24,350 cases of ebola and 10,004 deaths since the epidemic began more than a year ago .
contributing : liz szabo 178 connect 70 tweet linkedin commentemailmore read or share this story : http : //usat.ly/1gzgv9f
ebola drug maker’s stock surges by michael · august 4 , 2014 there is no cure for ebola .
but don’t tell that to traders .
shares of a vancouver-based company working on a drug to treat the infectious disease surged nearly 40 % last week .
tekmira pharmaceuticals ( tkmr ) popped on much higher trading volume than usual because investors are hopeful that health agencies in the united states might approve its drug , known as tkm-ebola .
but investors buying this stock now need to be extremely careful .
cnn reported monday that two americans who were infected with the ebola virus in liberia were treated with a drug made by privately-held san diego company mapp biopharmaceutical .
shares of tekmira , which were up as much as 26 % at one point monday , gave up all of their gains following the cnn report and were down nearly 7 % in afternoon trading .
meanwhile , shares of biocryst pharmaceuticals ( bcrx ) , another small biotech working on a drug that could be used to treat ebola , were up 6 % monday .
ebola 'czar ' named by white house caption ebola in liberia afp/getty images a man walks past an ebola campaign banner with the new slogan `` ebola must go '' in monrovia on feb. 23 , 2015 .
the country of four million is slowly emerging from the epidemic .
a man walks past an ebola campaign banner with the new slogan `` ebola must go '' in monrovia on feb. 23 , 2015 .
the country of four million is slowly emerging from the epidemic .
in this photo taken feb. 26 , a unicef aid worker , right , visits a home that has been quarantined due to the ebola virus in freetown , sierra leone .
a picture taken nov. 7 shows people walking past a billboard with a message about ebola in freetown , sierra leone .
in this wednesday , sept. 24 , 2014 file photo , healthcare workers load a man suspected of suffering from the ebola virus onto an ambulance in kenema , sierra leone .
the world health organization says officials are now focused on ending the biggest-ever ebola outbreak rather than just slowing the virus ' spread .
an empty area outside an ebola virus recovery ward in freetown , sierra leone .
the world health organization says officials are now focused on ending the biggest-ever ebola outbreak rather than just slowing the virus ' spread .
the move came as the president and his administration faced mounting criticism about its handling of the disease .
the appointment of klain , an experienced washington lawyer who served as chief of staff to both vice president biden and former vice president al gore , signaled the administration’s recognition that an ebola outbreak in the united states could overwhelm its management capacity .
in klain , 53 , obama has enlisted a legal expert and democratic strategist with a reputation for handling complex projects such as the administration’s economic stimulus package during obama’s first term and the democratic effort to challenge the 2000 presidential election results .
the photos showed a nurse , a hospital worker and a street sweeper wearing face masks .
the story reported how a rapidly spreading disease was overtaxing the city 's and nation 's hospitals , doctors and nurses .
the three include thomas eric duncan , the first person diagnosed with the disease in the united states , and two nurses who were on the team of health workers caring for duncan until his death last week .
8 obama met with health and national security aides and `` underscored that the domestic response to ebola cases must be seamless at all levels , '' the white house said in a statement .
it was the third consecutive day that obama had convened officials to discuss what has become a major political issue for his democratic administration ahead of mid-term elections next month .
the officials will include a federal emergency management agency coordinator , kevin hannes , and a white house liaison , adrian saenz , a presidential aide .
governor rick perry has named texas emergency management chief w. nim kidd to coordinate the state ebola effort , the white house said .
earnest also said that the president is willing to `` keep an open mind '' about imposing a travel ban as part of u.s. efforts to fight ebola , but it is not a measure currently being considered .
in a statement , virginia health officials said ebola had been ruled out as the cause of the woman 's illness .
in a sign the disease can be beaten , the world health organization said the west african country of senegal was now ebola-free , although still vulnerable .
cruise ship passenger isolated 0 amid growing concerns about the spread of the virus in the united states , authorities said a texas health worker , who was not ill but may have had contact with specimens from an ebola patient , was quarantined on a cruise ship that departed last sunday from the port of galveston , texas .
the carnival magic , operated by carnival corp unit carnival cruise lines , skipped a planned stop in cozumel , mexico , because of delays getting permission to dock from mexican authorities , the cruise line said .
the ship was scheduled to return to galveston on sunday .
a mexican port authority official said the ship was denied clearance to avoid any possible risk from ebola .
carnival said the cdc had notified it that a passenger on the carnival magic was a lab supervisor at the hospital and deemed to be `` very low risk .
the u.s. state department said the worker may have processed samples from duncan 19 days ago , two days less than the maximum incubation window for ebola , according to the cdc .
the worker and a companion voluntarily isolated themselves in their cabin. the worker did not have direct contact with duncan but could have processed his bodily fluids .
monitoring airline passengers in texas , ohio texas governor rick perry said on friday health officials are actively monitoring eight people who had close contact with one of the ebola-infected nurses , who flew to ohio and back for a weekend trip to plan a wedding .
the eight passengers being actively monitored were in close proximity , within three feet , of amber joy vinson , 29 , on a flight to dallas from cleveland on monday , and other texans on the flight have been asked to self-monitor , perry told a news conference at the state capitol .
health officials are also monitoring 16 people in ohio - one of them under quarantine - who had close contact with vinson during her weekend trip before she was diagnosed , a state health official said on friday .
nurse vinson may have been ill friday amber joy vinson , the texas nurse who traveled to ohio over the weekend on a frontier airlines flight , was running a slight fever at the time she traveled .
dr. christopher braden , a cdc spokesman , said vinson may have been ill as early as friday , when she boarded the flight from dallas to cleveland .
lawrence vinson , amber vinson 's uncle , told cnn on friday that no travel restrictions were imposed on the nurses who treated duncan and that his niece did not believe she was putting anyone in danger by boarding the plane to ohio .
he said his niece did not contact the cdc directly , but health workers in texas had checked in with her in ohio and made multiple calls to the cdc to get the go-ahead for her flight back to dallas on monday .
dr. thomas frieden , the cdc director , has said it is unlikely passengers who flew with vinson were infected because the nurse had not vomited or bled on the flight , but he said she should not have boarded the plane .
concerns about ebola exposure prompted several schools in ohio and texas to close because people with ties to the schools may have shared the flight with vinson .
nurse pham in fair condition in maryland 8 nina pham , the first nurse who contracted ebola while caring for a patient in the dallas hospital , is in fair condition after arriving late thursday night at the national institutes of health ( nih ) clinical center in bethesda , maryland , nih officials told reporters on friday .
although pham , 26 , was listed in good condition when she left texas health presbyterian hospital on thursday , `` i would n't take this as a deterioration , '' said dr.tony fauci , director of nih 's national institute of allergy and infectious diseases , explaining that pham '' had just made a long trip '' via airplane and ambulance when she arrived at nih just before midnight local time .
officials seek plans for production of experimental ebola drug u.s. officials have asked three advanced biology laboratories to submit plans for producing the experimental ebola drug zmapp , which ran out after it was given to a handful of medical workers who contracted the disease in west africa , government and lab officials said on friday .
the `` task order '' issued on thursday by the biomedical advanced research and development authority asks that detailed plans , including budgets and timetables , be submitted by nov. 10 .
0 separately , amgen inc said on friday that it will help create production lines for zmapp using mammalian cells , a more traditional technique than the tobacco plants used to produce previous doses of zmapp .
zmapp was given to american medical workers dr. kent brantly and nancy writebol , who recovered after contracting ebola in liberia , and to at least one spanish priest , who died .
it is impossible to know whether zmapp helped because it has not been studied in a rigorous clinical trial , but the drug has been held out as a promising therapy during the worst ebola outbreak on record .
the three advanced labs , called centers for innovation in advanced development and manufacturing , were established by the u.s. government in 2012 with $ 440 million in seed money .
they are required to develop flexible manufacturing capabilities to allow them to produce countermeasures against chemical , biological , and other threats .
one of the three , run by texas a & m health science center in partnership with britain 's glaxosmithkline plc , `` is swiftly responding '' to the government request , dr. brett giroir , chief executive officer of the health science center , said in a statement , and will submit detailed proposals for scaling up production of zmapp .
the other two centers are a facility led by emergent biosolutions in baltimore and another in holly springs , north carolina , led by swiss drug company novartis ag .
once proposals are submitted , barda will select one or more labs to produce zmapp , which is manufactured in tobacco plants by kentucky bioprocessing , a unit of reynolds american inc. `` we believe there are substantial opportunities to increase the yield of zmapp '' in plants while keeping the product the same , giroir said in an interview .
the compound needs to be identical to what mapp has already vetted in animals `` or you would have to go back to the beginning for safety testing , '' he said .
san diego-based mapp biopharmaceutical has said it ran out of its limited supply of zmapp in august .
the washington post and reuters contributed to this report
efficacy of ebola vaccine to be assessed in large-scale clinical trial by kate bass bsc glaxosmithkline ( gsk ) announced today that they will soon be commencing the first large-scale clinical trial to assess the efficacy of an experimental ebola vaccine .
gsk is one of the largest vaccine producers in the world , supplying over 2 million vaccines every day .
they have developed a broad portfolio of vaccines that help prevent illnesses such as diphtheria , tetanus , whooping cough , measles , mumps , rubella , hepatitis , rotavirus and human papilloma virus infections , bacterial meningitis and influenza .
advertisement gsk has been working with the national institutes of health to accelerate development of an ebola vaccine in response to the current epidemic .
they have used a type of cold virus ( adenovirus type 3 ) to deliver benign genetic material from the ebola virus and stimulate production of antibodies against the ebola virus , which in turn will afford protection against future contact with the virus responsible for the current ebola outbreak in west africa .
the vaccine is soon to be evaluated in the first large-scale phase iii trial .
initial data from five small phase i clinical trials conducted in around 200 healthy volunteers in the uk , usa , switzerland and mali , show that the candidate vaccine has an acceptable safety profile and produces an immune response .
the dose showing the best safety and immunological profiles was chosen for further investigation in a large phase iii clinical trial .
the first batch of 300 vials of the ebola vaccine is expected to arrive in liberia ( one of the countries worst hit by ebola ) later today .
the trial will recruit up to 30,000 people , including healthcare workers , to receive either the ebola vaccine or a control vaccine and be monitored for acquired ebola immunity .
this trial will begin in liberia in the coming weeks , subject to regulatory approval .
dr moncef slaoui , chairman of global vaccines at gsk , said : the initial phase i data we have seen are encouraging and give us confidence to progress to the next phases of clinical testing which will involve the vaccination of thousands of volunteers , including frontline healthcare workers .
if the candidate vaccine is able to protect these people , as we hope it will , it could significantly contribute to efforts to bring this epidemic under control and prevent future outbreaks .
although , this is a big step forward , it is important to remember that the ebola vaccine is still in development and any potential future use in mass vaccination campaigns will depend on whether stakeholders , such as the world health organisation , and medical regulators , are satisfied that the vaccine provides adequate protection against ebola without causing significant side effects .
gsk is working closely with the world health organization and centers for disease control and prevention on the design of trials in other affected countries and also plans to begin large phase ii safety trials in non-affected west african countries .
nebraska hospital prepares for new ebola patient photos of the second patient to be treated for the ebola virus at nebraska medical center , ashoka mukpo , as he says gooodbye to the hospital staff .
full credit : taylor wilson/nebraska medical center × nebraska hospital prepares for new ebola patient photos of the second patient to be treated for the ebola virus at nebraska medical center , ashoka mukpo , as he says gooodbye to the hospital staff .
full credit : taylor wilson/nebraska medical center ( cnn ) — a surgeon infected with ebola will be transported from sierra leone to the nebraska medical center for treatment , a u.s. government official familiar with the situation said .
the doctor , a sierra leone national and legal permanent resident of the united states , is expected to arrive this weekend , most likely saturday , the official said .
the official said it’s not known whether the doctor was working in an ebola treatment unit or some other type of hospital .
the surgeon is married to a u.s. citizen and has children , the official said .
sierra leone has seen more than 5,300 cases of ebola and more than 1,100 deaths in this year’s outbreak of the deadly virus , according to figures from the world health organization .
the nebraska medical center in omaha is one of four hospitals in the united states that have biocontainment units and years of preparation in handling highly infectious disease such as ebola .
in a statement thursday night , a spokesman said the hospital is still awaiting official confirmation about whether it will treat another ebola patient .
first , hospital spokesman taylor wilson said , air ambulance crew members will evaluate the patient when they arrive in sierra leone .
dr. rick sacra was treated at the hospital and released in september .
ashoka mukpo , a freelance cameraman who worked for nbc , was treated there and released last month .
sacra and mukpo contracted the virus in liberia and were later flown to the united states for treatment .
so far , the limited number of ebola cases treated in the united states have shown a higher survival rate than cases treated in west africa .
a number of factors could impact the latest patient’s treatment , cnn chief medical correspondent dr. sanjay gupta told “ac360.” “we don’t know how sick he is , ” gupta said .
you are at : home » amc »“heather” on being a neighbor of ebola nurse ni… “heather” on being a neighbor of ebola nurse ni…
ebola woedt verder : sinds kerstavond 150 dodelijke slachtoffers 29/12/14 om 19:36 - bijgewerkt om 21:35 in de drie zwaarst getroffen landen guinee , liberia en sierra leone zijn volgens de wereldgezondheidsorganisatie ( who ) alleen al sinds kerstavond rond de 150 mensen aan ebola bezweken .
de teller van het aantal ebola-doden in deze landen bedraagt nu volgens een who-mededeling 7.842 .
in de drie zwaarst getroffen landen guinee , liberia en sierra leone zijn volgens de wereldgezondheidsorganisatie ( who ) alleen al sinds kerstavond rond de 150 mensen aan het virus bezweken .
de teller van het aantal ebola-doden in deze landen bedraagt nu volgens een who-mededeling 7.842 .
in totaal zijn er sinds de uitbraak van de epidemie een jaar geleden 20.081 infecties geregistreerd .
de who gaat echter uit van een veel hoger aantal niet-geregistreerde besmettingen en dodelijke gevallen .
eerste ebolageval in schotland in schotland is een uit west-afrika teruggekeerde hulpverleenster in de strijd tegen ebola zelf besmet geraakt .
de vrouw wordt voorlopig in een ziekenhuis in glasgow behandeld .
de ziekte is in een nog zeer vroeg stadium vastgesteld , luidde het in een mededeling van de schotse deelregering in edinburgh .
het gevaar voor andere mensen is daarom 'erg laag ' .
het is het eerste geval van ebola binnen groot-brittannië .
eerder werd er al wel een in afrika ziek geworden britse hulpverlener naar huis overgevlogen .
de vrouw was zondagavond via de marokkaanse stad casablanca en londen heathrow , de grootste luchthaven van europa , in een toestel van de britse luchtvaartmaatschappij british airways naar huis teruggekeerd .
ze had in sierra leone als medewerkster van de gezondheidszorg bij de strijd tegen het dodelijk virus geholpen .
maandagochtend was ze naar het ziekenhuis gegaan , omdat ze zich niet goed voelde .
ze wordt voorlopig in quarantaine in het ziekenhuis behandeld .
elk contact dat de vrouw heeft gehad met andere mensen wordt nu gecontroleerd , luidt het .
iedereen , die mogelijk gevaar op een infectie heeft gelopen , zal gecontacteerd worden .
in overeenstemming met de britse regelgeving voor ebola-gevallen zal de patiënte zo snel mogelijk naar een ziekenhuis in londen overgebracht worden , waar de verzorging en behandeling het best gewaarborgd is .
ebola virus hemorrhagic fever pictures : pictures of people with ebola ebola hemorrhagic fever virus pictures of ebola hemorrhagic fever virus ebola ebola hemorrhagic fever
usaid to test 1000 ebola patients in us in feb 2015 !
by annie · february 19 , 2015 a service of the u.s. national institutes of health example : “heart attack” and “los angeles” search for studies : a multicenter randomized phase 1/2 safety and efficacy study of putative investigational therapeutics in the treatment of patients with known ebola infection this study is enrolling participants by invitation only .
sponsor : information provided by ( responsible party ) : national institutes of health clinical center ( cc ) ( national institute of allergy and infectious diseases ( niaid ) ) clinicaltrials.gov identifier : first received : february 13 , 2015 last updated : na how to read a study record purpose ebolaviruses ( ebov ) are members of the filoviridae and are known primarily as the underlying cause of severe viral hemorrhagic fevers with disturbingly high case fatality rates .
between 1994 and the present , there have been many ebov outbreaks affecting mostly central africa , with 2 large outbreaks in 1995 in kikwit , democratic republic of congo ( drc ) , and in gulu , uganda in 2000-2001 .
however , the 2014 west african outbreak significantly exceeds all previous outbreaks in geographic range , number of patients affected , and in disruption of typical activities of civil society .
there is strong consensus that the most important element necessary to improve survival from ebola infection is the provision of full hemodynamic support in the form of aggressive fluid replacement , ability to diagnose and correct severe metabolic derangements , and other standards of modern medical care available in resource-rich environments .
however , against this background , a small series of investigational agents or interventions have also been proposed as putative antiviral strategies of potential utility in treating this infection .
unfortunately , phase 1/2 data supporting the safety and efficacy of these agents is generally lacking , and thus there should be equipoise as to which , if any , of these interventions should be utilized in the treatment of severe infection .
in this multicenter randomized trial , we propose a flexible trial design with frequent interim monitoring to facilitate early elimination of poorly performing treatments as well as the introduction of new candidate therapies .
the trial allows for a series of pairwise comparisons of novel interventions against a background of optimized medical care , with the goal of determining whether one or more of these interventions can improve the mortality over that achievable through optimized standardof- care ( osoc ) alone .
the primary endpoint of this trial will be comparative mortality at day 28 , with a number of secondary endpoints that hopefully will generate generalizable knowledge about the relative safety and antiviral activity of these adjunctive interventions .
the initial pairwise comparison to be performed in this trial will be osoc versus osoc plus the triple monoclonal cocktail zmapptm .
the second comparison proposed for study will be soc versus soc plus convalescent plasma .
between 1994 and the present , there have been many ebov outbreaks affecting mostly central africa , with 2 large outbreaks in 1995 in kikwit , democratic republic of congo ( drc ) , and in gulu , uganda in 2000-2001 .
however , the 2014 west african outbreak significantly exceeds all previous outbreaks in geographic range , number of patients affected , and in disruption of typical activities of civil society .
there is strong consensus that the most important element necessary to improve survival from ebola infection is the provision of full hemodynamic support in the form of aggressive fluid replacement , ability to diagnose and correct severe metabolic derangements , and other standards of modern medical care available in resource-rich environments .
however , against this background , a small series of investigational agents or interventions have also been proposed as putative antiviral strategies of potential utility in treating this infection .
unfortunately , phase 1/2 data supporting the safety and efficacy of these agents is generally lacking , and thus there should be equipoise as to which , if any , of these interventions should be utilized in the treatment of severe infection .
in this multicenter randomized trial , we propose a flexible trial design with frequent interim monitoring to facilitate early elimination of poorly performing treatments as well as the introduction of new candidate therapies .
the trial allows for a series of pairwise comparisons of novel interventions against a background of optimized medical care , with the goal of determining whether one or more of these interventions can improve the mortality over that achievable through optimized standardof- care ( osoc ) alone .
the primary endpoint of this trial will be comparative mortality at day 28 , with a number of secondary endpoints that hopefully will generate generalizable knowledge about the relative safety and antiviral activity of these adjunctive interventions .
the initial pairwise comparison to be performed in this trial will be osoc versus osoc plus the triple monoclonal cocktail zmapptm .
the second comparison proposed for study will be soc versus soc plus convalescent plasma .
eligibility criteria inclusion criteria : males or females with documented positive pcr for ebola virus infection within 10 days of enrollment willingness of study participant to accept randomization to any assigned treatment arm access to osoc all males and females of childbearing potential , must be willing to use highly effective [ e.g .
absolute abstinence from potentially reproductive sexual activity , hormonal , surgical or multiple barrier/combined ] methods of contraception , from time of enrollment through at least 90 days after viral clearance must agree not to enroll in another study of an investigational agent prior to completion of last required protocol visit ability to provide informed consent personally , or by a legally-authorized [ per applicable local laws and regulations ] representative [ lar ] if the patient is unable to do so .
exclusion criteria : any medical condition that , in the opinion of the site investigator , would place the patient at an unreasonably increased risk through participation in this study , including any past or concurrent conditions that would preclude randomization to one or more of the assigned treatment arms ( e.g. , severe nausea and vomiting precluding use of oral therapies ) .
prior treatment with any investigational antiviral drug therapy against ebola infection or investigational anti-ebola vaccine within 5 half-lives or 30 days , whichever is longer , prior to enrollment patients who , in the judgment of the investigator , will be unlikely to comply with the requirements of this protocol contacts and locations choosing to participate in a study is an important personal decision .
talk with your doctor and family members or friends about deciding to join a study .
to learn more about this study , you or your doctor may contact the study research staff using the contacts provided below .
for general information , see learn about clinical studies .
please refer to this study by its clinicaltrials.gov identifier : nct02363322 locations
dr ameyo adadevoh succumbs to ebola virus disease august 19 , 2014 by kolapo olapoju dr ameyo stella adadevoh of first consultants hospital has died from the ebola virus disease , which she contracted after attending to patrick sawyer , the liberian/american who brought the disease into nigeria .
our sources say she died this afternoon , tuesday , 19 august , 2014 , at an isolation centre where she had been quarantined along with other doctors and nurses who treated sawyer at first consultants hospital , obalende , lagos .
over the weekend , reports had suggested that she had survived the disease and had been discharged from quarantine , until the minister of health , professor onyebuchi chukwu issued a statement clarifying that she was not the survivor .
although , there was high hopes that she would miraculously pull through , it didn’t become a reality .
she is survived by her son and husband .
may her soul rest in perfect peace .
—- stay ahead of the ebola scare | follow the stories , issues , facts and progress on our dedicated vertical : ebola.ynaija.com share
kiwi nurse awaits results of second ebola test 5:00 am monday mar 16 , 2015 not saved diseases bronwyn mcbain had recently returned from her west africa posting and became unwell on friday .
the gore nurse at the centre of new zealand 's first ebola scare is awaiting the results of a second test to clear her of the deadly disease .
first results cleared the woman - widely reported to be gore nurse bronni mcbain - of the disease yesterday , however , a second test was required to confirm the result , health minister jonathan coleman said .
mrs mcbain recently returned from sierra leone , where she was caring for those suffering from the virus .
the only person to have contact with mrs mcbain during the infectious period was her husband , who was self-monitoring as a precaution .
neighbours of the mcbains in ruia st , gore , were woken by sound of a helicopter arriving early on saturday morning .
mrs mcbain walked to the helicopter and was transported to christchurch hospital in a specialist iso-pod patient transfer unit accompanied by health care workers in protective suits .
dr coleman said that mrs mcbain was in a stable condition in the hospital .
a neighbour - who wished to remain anonymous - said his family was woken by the helicopter landing in the street .
he had no concerns about the potential scare and was impressed by mrs mcbain 's work overseas .
another neighbour said `` everybody is definitely impressed '' by the nurse 's selfless spirit .
mrs mcbain previously helped in a tsunami ravaged region of sumatra in 2005 and spent time nursing in vanuatu in 2004 at her own cost .
media playback is unsupported on your device ebola healthcare workers questioned over cafferkey case 23 february 2015 last updated at 14:46 gmt pauline cafferkey , the public health worker who contracted ebola while working in sierra leone , is thought to be one of several healthcare staff being investigated over suggestions she may have known she was unwell before she left africa .
the scottish nurse , who had been volunteering for save the children , was diagnosed with the virus when she returned to glasgow on 28 december .
her temperature had been tested seven times at heathrow airport before she flew to scotland .
ms cafferkey is one of three nurses and two doctors being investigated after information was passed to public health england .
campaign rallies resume in liberia , raising uncertainty over ebola risk december 2 , 2014 publisher : npr date published : sun , 30 nov 2014 14:32:09 -0800 description : walter cole , who just graduated high school , says he follows the news that ebola treatment units , or etus , are still being built around liberia .
over ebola fear , sierra leone joins liberia ban on football by : alie bittar - sem uk correspondent on august 5 , 2014 .
sierra express media reported a few days ago that the usa centers for disease control and prevention had issued a warning about the dreadful ebola virus spreading across west africa .
and that residents must avoid nonessential travels across borders of sierra leone , liberia and guinea .
due to the deadly virus it’s now of utmost health concern that the sierra leone football association ( slfa ) and their liberian counterparts have suspended all football activities .
sierra leone national team was denied entry clearance to the indian ocean island seychelles ahead of their second leg outing of the qualifier over advice from the seychelles ministry of health to its football association .
the biggest problem now is whether sierra leone’s group d counterparts will want to capitalize on the present situation and ask to play all matches on neutral venue most likely away from west africa .
however , sierra leone will have to call on full strength foreign based players from european leagues if the situation worsens .
slfa is confident that they will be able to play on neutral ground if the ban is not lifted by president ernest bai koroma .
sierra leone’s first match listed away is to the elephants of ivory coast for the weekend of 5-7 september 2014 , before hosting the kinshasa’s leopards in freetown 10 september 2014 in their second group matches .
group d qualifiers are scheduled to be played in september – november 2014 .
05-06/09/14 : ivory coast v sierra leone 10/09/14 : sierra leone v dr congo 10-11/10/14 : sierra leone v cameroon 15/10/14 : cameroon v sierra leone 14-15/11/14 : sierra leone v ivory coast 19/11/14 : dr congo v sierra leone stay with sierra express media , for your trusted place in news !
people who looked at this item also looked at…
ebola ruled out as cause of air traveler’s illness by associated press published : october 4 , 2014 , 10:07 pm updated : click to share on pinterest file - in this undated file image by the cdc shows an ebola virus .
u.s. health officials on thursday , july 31 , 2014 , warned americans not to travel to the three african countries , hit by an outbreak of ebola .
the travel advisory applies to non-essential travel to guinea , liberia and sierra leone .
the centers for disease control and prevention says a health officer met united airlines flight 998 when it landed saturday afternoon at newark liberty international airport .
the cdc says a full evaluation of the man at a local hospital showed “no evidence or concern for ebola” and he was discharged “feeling well.” state health officials say the man’s symptoms were consistent with a minor , treatable illness .
port authority spokeswoman erica dumas says the man began throwing up during the flight .
authorities say the plane’s crew and roughly 250 passengers stayed onboard while officials tended to him .
this material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
jul 24 , 2014 · the deadliest outbreak of ebola in history is still ravaging countries in west africa , particularly guinea , liberia and sierra leone .
and the troubling ... www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/07/24/ebola-virus-disease-facts-west ... ebola information general .
fact sheet on ebola ; infographic - english | spanish ; ebola sitrep and response - 2014 ; questions and answers on ebola ; cdc’s ebola ; dentoncounty.com/ ... /health-department/ebola-information.aspx the worst ebola outbreak on record is currently unfolding in west africa , and it 's been a long affair that has infected more than 1,000 , killed more than 600 people ... www.vox.com/ ... /5952515/facts-you-should-know-about-the-ebola-outbreak * enter your search term .
overview ; flight status ; flight tracker ; flight schedules www.flysfo.com/content/ebola-information the ebola outbreak of 2014 has become the largest in history .
the changes follow claims … www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/10/30/cdc-ebola_n_6078072.html connecticut department of public health’s ( ct dph ) website on “ebola information from the state of connecticut” includes the following information , to help ... www.211ct.org/ebola/default.asp ebola hemorrhagic fever is caused by a virus .
it is a severe and often fatal disease .
it can affect humans and other primates .
researchers believe that the virus ... www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ebola.html approximately 2,000 organizations , accredited within the accme system , offe2000r relevant , practice-based continuing medical education to more than 24 million health ... www.accme.org/ ... /publications/public-health-resources/ebola-facts welcome to elsevier 's ebola information center .
this page will provide continually updated resources from elsevier 's content and experts .
we developed it to give our ... www.elsevier.com/connect/ebola-information-center
ebola is 'entrenched and accelerating ' in west africa - who comments ( published : 0 , awaiting review : 0 ) samuel apea-danquah , ghana jun 26 , 2014 at 10:51pm name : your email address will not be published .
location : ghana has made tremendous strides in its quest to achieve socio-economic development , especially in the real estate sector .
despite the relatively slow growth chalked in 2013 , there seems to be some ... advertisement
the black stars are in togo , for a 2015 afcon qualifying match at stade de kégué in lomé on wednesday .
as part of prevention measures by several african governments to prevent spread of the deadly virus , the ghanaian delegation underwent the tests .
winger christian atsu , who is currently on loan at everton from chelsea , posted a picture of the screening process on his instagram page , reading : “ebola test at lome airport # togo.” none of the players or officials tested positive , ahead of their crucial game .
researchers believe the ebola outbreak in west africa which has already killed over 960 people may have started with a 2-year-old from a remote town in guinea .
guéckédou is located near the borders of sierra leone and liberia , where the ebola outbreak is spreading , and is considered the epicenter of the outbreak .
the research team investigated transmission patterns , and interviewed affected families , people suspected of having ebola , and residents of villages where ebola deaths and infections have occurred .
they also sifted through hospital documents .
the child seems the likely first case , they found , though it remains unclear how he or she became infected .
the researchers believe a health care worker from guéckédou proceeded to carry the virus to nearby villages and triggered the spread .
to better understand the virus , the researchers took blood samples from 20 patients who were hospitalized in guéckédou and nearby towns with symptoms of ebola such as diarrhea , vomiting , or bleeding .
while the virus traced to guinea is 97 % similar to the strains of ebola found in previous outbreaks in the democratic republic of congo and gabon , researchers believe it most likely originated in guinea ( perhaps from a fruit bat ) and was not brought into the country from the others .
the virus has now spread to sierra leone and liberia , and there are cases popping up in nigeria .
ebola is spread through direct contact with bodily fluids like blood and vomit .
family members taking care of their infected relatives , at least in the beginning of the outbreak , were likely unaware their family member had ebola and became infected with the disease .
the lack of resources in the health care systems in rural west africa means not only do patients have a low survival rate , but health care workers can get infected themselves while treating patients .
cultural traditions are also believed to have played a role in the disease spread , according to regional experts .
so far in the outbreak there have been 1,779 confirmed cases and 961 deaths .
— an american health worker who contracted ebola while volunteering in africa will be admitted to a hospital at the national institutes of health , the agency announced thursday .
the patient was expected to arrive friday at the nih research hospital in bethesda after being transported to the united states in isolation on a chartered plane .
the patient 's name , age and gender have not been released .
the patient had been volunteering at an ebola treatment center in sierra leone .
the nih did not release any further details about the patient .
the agency has one of the few specialized isolation units nationwide .
previously , an american nurse was treated there after she contracted ebola while caring for a liberian man who died at a dallas hospital .
the nurse , nina pham , survived and is ebola-free .
the treatment facility at the nih is staffed by specialists in infectious disease and critical care and is designed to prevent the spread of highly contagious viruses , including ebola .
the patient will be the 11th person with ebola to be treated in the u.s. , which has more than 50 hospitals designated as ebola treatment centers .
the world health organization estimated thursday that the virus has killed more than 10,000 people , mostly in the west african nations of guinea , liberia and sierra leone .
the current outbreak is the largest ever for the disease .
while deaths have slowed dramatically in recent months , the virus appears stubbornly entrenched in parts of guinea and sierra leone .
ebola virus images _______________________________________________________________________ picture tags : ebola zaire photos | ebola virus disease | pics of ebola | ebola hemorrhagic fever pictures | ebola virus images _______________________________________________________________________ post a comment flora sylvia says : i was married to my husband for 5 years we were living happily together for this years and not until he traveled to italy for a business trip where he met this girl and since then he hate me and the kids and love her only .
so when my husband came back from the trip he said he does not want to see me and my kids again so he drove us out of the house and he was now going to italy to see that other woman .
at first i was scared but when i think of what me and my kids are passing through so i contact him and he told me to stay calm for just 24 hours that my husband shall come back to me and to my best surprise i received a call from my husband on the second day asking after the kids and i called dr ogudugu and he said your problems are solved my child .
so this was how i get my family back after a long stress of brake up by an evil lady so with all this help from dr ogudugu , i want you all on this forum to join me to say a huge thanks to dr ogudugu , and i will also advice for any one in such or similar problems or any kind of problems should also contact him his email is ( greatogudugu @ gmail.com or +2348066421534 ) he is the solution to all your problems and predicaments in life .
once again his email address is ( greatogudugu @ gmail.com or +2348066421534 ) he is specialize in the the following spell .
once again make sure you contact him if you have any problem he will help you .
his email address is ( greatogudugu @ gmail.com or +2348066421534 ) contact him immediately ... ... ... ... ...
you are at : home » ebola alerts »seattle , wa , us : man recently in mali tested for # ebola seattle , wa , us : man recently in mali tested for # ebola health officials testing man for ebola in seattle | local & regional | seattle news , weather , sports , breaking news | komo news seattle – a man living in king county is being tested for ebola at harborview medical center in seattle , james appa with public health king county said saturday .
the man had been traveling from mali , and developed a low grade fever and sore throat friday night .
the results for the test will be ready at least 12 hours after the test arrives at the lab , and will be released by public health officials when they are available .
if i provided news of value to you today , would you consider voting for me ?
it just takes a second and would mean a lot .
shtfdashboard.com is climbing in the rankings , and that’s all because of you !
more shtf news for you : nancy smith i monitor over 3500 news sites daily , with a focus on local and international news sources .
i also monitor government news sources and occasionally report on publicly-available information .
very little comment is made , by design .
you decide - please follow links to the stories and view the information straight from the source .
i work monday through saturday .
ftc required website disclosure : you should assume that the owner of this website has an affiliate relationship and/or another material connection to the providers of goods and services mentioned in this website and may be compensated when you purchase from a provider .
you should always perform due diligence before buying goods or services online .
the owner does not accept payment or merchandise in exchange for the reviews themselves .
they are written objectively and with honesty .
glaxo : ebola vaccine could be ready by 2015 august 12 , 2014 | by emily mullin share reprint british drugmaker glaxosmithkline ( $ gsk ) says it is ready to begin clinical trials on an ebola vaccine later this year and could have the vaccine available by 2015 .
glaxo scooped up the vaccine last year in a $ 325 million buyout of okairos .
the latest outbreak of ebola , which causes severe hemorrhagic fever , has caused 1,779 infections and 961 deaths , according to the most recent update from the world health organization .
mexico is free of ebola virus ?
mexico is free of ebola virus ?
ebola outbreak 2014 login or register to post comments mon , aug 18 , 2014 - 7:25pm shooting people with bloodbourne illness to stop the spread of the disease ?
transmision of ebola : ( again ) physical contact needed virology down under is continuing to review the literature and ponder what is known and not known about the transmission of ebola .
several days ago tall pointed out this article ( which i summarize above in this thread ) concerning the different droplets sizes : big droplets ( `` spittle '' ) do carry the virus ( about 1-2 meters ) and droplet nuclei which can float long distances on air currents do not seem too .
a follow up article today focused on the limitations of what is known .
a reference articles seemed particularly important .
transmission of ebola hemorrhagic fever : a study of risk factors in family members , kikwit , democratic republic of the congo , 1995 the surviving members of 27 households in which someone had been infected with ebola virus were interviewed in order to define the modes of transmission of ebola hemorrhagic fever ( ehf ) .
of 173 household contacts of the primary cases , 28 ( 16 % ) developed ehf .
all secondary cases had direct physical contact with the ill person ... those who touched the cadaver , and those who were exposed during the late hospital phase were at additional risk .
none of the 78 household members who had no physical contact with the case during the clinical illness were infected .
conclusion : ehf is transmitted principally by direct physical contact with an ill person or their body fluids during the later stages of illness .
login or register to post comments wed , aug 20 , 2014 - 12:09am from : http : //www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-28852384 seventeen suspected ebola patients who went missing in liberia after a health centre in the capital was attacked have been found , a minister has said .
the government had previously denied they were missing .
new un figures show that 1,229 people have now died since the beginning of this year in the outbreak that has also hit sierra leone , guinea and nigeria .
mr brown also said the health of three liberian doctors infected with ebola had improved after they receiving the experimental drug zmapp .
two us missionaries , who were flown home for treatment from liberia , are reportedly recovering from the virus after taking doses of the same medicine .
the drug was also given to a 75-year-old spanish priest who contracted ebola in liberia , but he died in spain last week .
in nigeria , which has had four fatal ebola cases , health officials say five people have now recovered from the virus and been discharged from hospital in lagos .
another three are still being treated .
read more at http : //www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-28852384 login or register to post comments wed , aug 20 , 2014 - 12:28am vote up !
int'l ebola news roundup 8/19/14 patient checked for ebola virus at kaiser hospital in sacramento ( it sounds like they are taking proper precautions .
login or register to post comments wed , aug 20 , 2014 - 2:00pm login or register to post comments wed , aug 20 , 2014 - 10:21pm int'l ebola news roundup for august 20 , 2014 twitter nigeria 's `` case zero '' died on july 25 ; incubation period now over ; no new cases aside from his 12 contacts ; who calls it `` reassuring '' # a woman has the symptoms in berlin , germany and her 600 co-workers are quarantined in their workplace .
still no word on the patient being tested in sacramento , ca ( as of 10 pm eastern time ) login or register to post comments thu , aug 21 , 2014 - 3:16pm vote up !
it 's our first choice for an anti-viral , with proven anti-viral and immune-boosting properties .
but its not appropriate for infections where cytokine storms are a risk .
so , good for some flu strains , bad for others - especially in young adults. so it sounds like it would be contra-indicated for ebola , is that right ?
btw , there are vegan forms of dha/epa available , for those who are concerned about mercury , etc .
login or register to post comments thu , aug 21 , 2014 - 3:47pm `` isolation procedures put in place '' after ebola suspect dies in ireland ; ebola-like disease claims 70 in congo as usual , attempts to minimize a panic were implemented and the hse said the risk of transmission of any disease was considered to be “extremely low” .
nonetheless while tests are being carried out for the ebola virus , `` isolation procedures have been put in place .
the appropriate public health guidelines are being followed at every stage in this process as a precaution.” and while ireland awaits results of the latest ebola test , the congo , where as we reported yesterday a mysterious ebola-like disease had claimed the lives of 10 people , has denied the diseases is ebola , even as the death toll has now soared to some 70 casualties according to reuters .
login or register to post comments fri , aug 22 , 2014 - 1:22am liberian police open fire on ebola protesters police in the liberian capital fired live rounds and tear gas on wednesday to disperse a stone-throwing crowd trying to break an ebola quarantine imposed on their neighbourhood .
liberian authorities introduced a nationwide curfew on tuesday and put the west point neighbourhood under quarantine to curb the spread of the disease. as i was reading about the black plague in europe i was reminded that many of the deaths during this period were due to disruption of food and water supply , resulting from trade and travel restrictions .
multiple other diseases were present in the weakened populations besides plague. and some nationalities and ethnicities were blamed as the cause of the plague and were killed by angry mobs and entire villages burned .
being confined in quarantine , with others who are ebola infected , is itself a life endangering predicament .
login or register to post comments fri , aug 22 , 2014 - 1:48pm login or register to post comments fri , aug 22 , 2014 - 9:43pm login or register to post comments sun , aug 24 , 2014 - 8:52pm vote up !
ebola reaches the congo a breakout of a mysterious ebola-like disease , [ in the the democratic republic of congo ] has claimed at least 70 people 's lives .
a who spokesman , apparently trying to downplay the importance and prevent panic , sent an email to reuters news agency , `` this is not ebola .
hge is common in dogs but exceedingly rare in humans .
but today , democratic republic of congo declared an ebola outbreak ... after two out of eight cases tested came back positive for the deadly virus. ivory coast closed its borders with guinea and liberia to reduce spread of the infection .
hopes ( and official statements ) that the outbreak in liberia was contained have not held up. summary : so we are seeing ongoing spreading of the epidemic , more restrictions on travel , ( which will affect trade and food supply ) , more use of police and soldiers to enforce quarantine , and increased official statements which seem more concerned with preventing panic than offering realistic information to the public .
and , the who is now acknowledging that there are lots of cases not visible to its surveillance efforts ( in the `` shadow zones '' where healthcare workers are not permitted ) .
login or register to post comments mon , aug 25 , 2014 - 12:30am congo appears to include a new hybrid strain this may not be spread from west africa but may include a new hybrid strain ... . - '' one of the two cases that tested positive was for the sudanese strain of the disease , while the other was a mixture between the sudanese and the zaire strain -- the most lethal variety .
the outbreak in west africa that has killed at least 1,427 people in west africa since march is the zaire strain .
i know they are doing genetic testing on these strains but i am surprised they got it back so quickly on this outbreak .
not sure what it means but i have read that this kind of recombination was unexpected .
login or register to post comments mon , aug 25 , 2014 - 12:48am and as mentioned above it has reached the democratic republic of congo , although this is a different strain .
cdc ebola web site login or register to post comments mon , aug 25 , 2014 - 4:49pm `` current ebola outbreak is different , '' who warns `` unprecedented '' number of medical staff infected the outbreak of ebola virus disease in west africa is unprecedented in many ways , including the high proportion of doctors , nurses , and other health care workers who have been infected , warns the world health organization .
despite all precautions possible , more than 240 health care workers have developed the disease in guinea , liberia , nigeria , and sierra leone , and more than 120 have died .
simply put , they conclude , the current outbreak is different .
the loss of so many doctors and nurses has made it difficult for who to secure support from sufficient numbers of foreign medical staff .
even who admits , if doctors and nurses are getting infected , what chance does the general public have ?
also , new hotbed of ebola found in congo as serum-treated doctor dies officials from the democratic republic of congo ( drc ) say that a second , separate outbreak of the deadly virus has occurred in the country .
meanwhile , a liberian doctor treated with an experimental serum against the illness has passed away .
drc health minister felix numbi said that two of eight people who died from a “hemorrhagic fever” last week have been diagnosed with a strain of the disease in postmortem lab tests .
the death toll of the sudden epidemic in the country’s equateur province has reached 13 in total .
as we noted previously , they believe the costs to fight this epidemic will be $ 490 million ( higher than the previous $ 430 million estimate ) as bloomberg reports the who roadmap released today warns `` the 2014 ebola virus disease outbreak continues to evolve in alarming ways .
it’s on a pace to cause more deaths than all previous outbreaks combined .
la times editorial criticizing overspending on ebola prevention ... . http : //www.latimes.com/opinion/op-ed/la-oe-miller-who-ebola-20140828-sto ... `` the bottom line is that in a world of limited healthcare resources , we need to make hard decisions that will deliver high-impact outcomes for the most people at the least cost .
spending nearly half a billion dollars on curbing ebola virus infections would be a poor choice .
his mother fashioned her own protective clothing out of things around the house and cared for him , warily washing her hands every time she left his room .
his colleagues came over to offer treatment advice through the window .
for a week he stayed at home treating himself ... .. ( snip ) ... .an ambulance rushed him to the ebola treatment center where , after a long wait , he was admitted .
fluid important in the patient 's view ( also a physician ) . oral rehydration solution ( mentioned previously i am sure ) : -8 teaspoons sugar , 1 teaspoon salt , 1 liter ( 5 cups ) water best to make it too dilute than too concentrated. ebola outbreak spreads to 6th african nation : 20 cases in senegal just yesterday senegal announce that it had its first case of ebola , a young man attending school in senegal who drove by car from his home in guinea where he had become infected .
he presented to the hospital in senegal with a fever and did not tell healthcare personnel that he had just arrived from ebola-endemic areas ( thereby exposing healthcare workers who probably did not use enough ppe ) .
today senegal advises that they have 20 people in quarantine .
and it appears that there is a crisis in trust in authorities .
people are fearing that disinfectants being sprayed in public places might actually be spraying the virus itself and that ebola clinics pose a danger to surrounding neighborhoods .
signs `` no ebola in our neighborhood '' have been displayed at proposed ebola clinics .
i understand the crisis in trust aspect .
who might benefit from an ebola epidemic ?
is it conceivable that the masters of the geopolitical chess game could deliberately be sluggish in containing an epidemic ?
would anyone benefit from the disruption of trade ?
information for civilians and health care professionals in belgium epidemiological bulletin ( in dutch or french ) news 9 nov 2014 by itm 1 next page 1 of 2 this website makes use of cookies .
if you continue to use this site we will assume that you agree with this .
admin bbc news – ebola crisis : experimental vaccine ‘shipped , the first batch of an experimental vaccine against ebola is on its way to liberia .
the shipment will be the first potentially preventative medicine to reach one of .
ebola virus epidemic liberia – wikipedia , free , the west african nation of liberia is experiencing an epidemic of ebola virus disease ( commonly known as `` ebola '' ) , as are the neighbouring countries of guinea and .
liberia remaining ebola patients country , liberia , once the center of west africa’s ebola epidemic , has just five remaining confirmed cases of the disease , a senior health official announced on .
628 x 353 · 29 kb · jpeg , ebola song admin ebola virus : film reveals scenes horror liberia , there have now been more than 4,800 reported deaths from ebola , with liberia the worst affected country .
around 50 new cases are being reported every day .
allafrica news : liberia – allafrica .
: home , liberia , one of the three most ebola-affected countries , doesn’t have enough gloves even for medical staff .
overwhelmed international caregivers like the uniquely .
bbc news – ebola crisis : vote count liberia , votes are being counted in liberia’s senate election held on saturday despite a deadly ebola outbreak , but many people decided to stay away.. 1200 x 800 · 420 kb · jpeg , ebola victims admin ebola virus : film reveals scenes horror liberia , there have now been more than 4,800 reported deaths from ebola , with liberia the worst affected country .
around 50 new cases are being reported every day .
an ebola strategy brings good news liberian town , the nursing staff get a break at the ebola care center run by doctors without borders in foya , liberia .
the center has helped stop the spread of the virus.. ebola virus epidemic liberia – wikipedia , free , the west african nation of liberia is experiencing an epidemic of ebola virus disease ( commonly known as `` ebola '' ) , as are the neighbouring countries of guinea and .
3623 x 2415 · 2280 kb · jpeg , ebola virus victims
dallas to end monitoring for ebola infections want more news ?
sign up for medicinenet newsletters !
friday , nov. 7 , 2014 ( healthday news ) -- the last of 177 people who had some form of contact with an ebola patient who died in dallas earlier this month were to be given a clean bill of health at midnight friday .
the people were among those who had direct or indirect contact with thomas eric duncan , a liberian national who became infected with the disease in his homeland before traveling to dallas in late september to visit family .
he died oct. 8 at texas health presbyterian hospital in dallas .
monitoring for the last person who came in contact with duncan or the two nurses caring for duncan who contracted the virus will end at midnight friday .
the nurses were the only people who had contact with duncan who became infected with the dangerous virus .
about 50 people who returned to texas from west african countries where the virus has killed thousands will remain under monitoring , the associated press reported .
also friday , the federal centers for disease control and prevention said that $ 2.7 million in personal protective gear has been ordered for health care workers at u.s. hospitals treating ebola patients .
the ebola-specific protective equipment is being sorted into 50 kits that can be rapidly delivered to hospitals .
each kit contains enough gear to enable medical teams to care for one ebola patient for up to five days , the agency said .
the supplies in the kits comply with recommendations for caring for ebola patients issued by the cdc in october .
the equipment includes : face shields and hoods ; boot covers ; gloves ; impermeable gowns , coveralls and aprons ; n95 respirators , which are considered highly effective filters ; powered-air purifying respirator systems ; and disinfecting wipes .
some of these products are not normally used by hospitals for regular patient care , '' greg burel , director of the cdc 's division of strategic national stockpile , said in an agency news release .
if certain items are unavailable , the cdc guidelines outline alternatives that can be used .
only one ebola patient is currently being treated in the united states .
dr. craig spencer , a patient at bellevue hospital in new york city , contracted the hemorrhagic disease while working in west africa , the epicenter of the ebola outbreak .
after the cdc issued its guidelines in october , demand for the equipment surged , the news release noted .
across the country , availability of the gear varies by region , product type and model , requested amounts , and the manufacturer and distributor .
hospitals that require the protective equipment kits from the cdc need to coordinate their requests with their state public health departments .
sources : u.s. centers for disease control and prevention , news release , nov. 7 , 2014 , associated press news articles
l'actualité le sérum anti-ebola doit encore faire ses preuves santé .
deux américains qui ont bénéficié d'un traitement expérimental sont guéris , sans que l'on sache s'ils le doivent précisément à ce médicament , le zmapp .
christine mateus | 23 août 2014 , 07h00 | maj : 23 août 2014 , 05h29 réagir tandis que l'épidémie de fièvre hémorragique continue sa terrible progression , les autorités sanitaires américaines se sont félicitées jeudi de la guérison de kent brantly et de nancy writebol , un médecin et une missionnaire qui avaient été contaminés par le virus ebola au liberia .
leur sortie de l'hôpital ne pose aucun problème de santé publique , ont assuré les médecins .
les deux américains avaient reçu le traitement expérimental zmapp , un sérum qui n'avait auparavant été testé que sur le singe .
car il n'existe actuellement aucun traitement confirmé .
leur état s'est en effet rapidement amélioré sans qu'il soit établi que cela soit dû au zmapp .
des guérisons spontanées « quarante pour cent des personnes atteintes guérissent spontanément , indique sylvain baize , responsable du centre national de référence des fièvres hémorragiques virales à l'institut pasteur .
par ailleurs , ces deux personnes ont bénéficié de soins optimaux que n'ont pas les gens sur le terrain .
peut-être que ça marche , mais la priorité est d'endiguer la propagation de la maladie. » actuellement , les quantités disponibles du médicament restent limitées , ce qui pose la question des cibles à privilégier .
d'autres patients ont bénéficié du zmapp , parmi lesquels trois médecins au liberia , dont l'état de santé est en nette amélioration , selon les autorités locales .
en revanche , le prêtre espagnol miguel pajares , âgé de 75 ans , qui avait aussi reçu ce traitement , à madrid , n'a pas survécu .
sylvain blaize cache mal sa colère face aux demandes de mise en quarantaine des pays touchés et d'interdiction du trafic aérien .
le quatrième syndicat chez les hôtesses et stewards d ' air france ( ugict- cgt ) a appelé hier le personnel à refuser d'embarquer vers la guinée , la sierra leone et le nigeria , estimant qu'il n'est pas suffisamment protégé .
sauf un au nigeria qui aurait pu être évité si les mesures de sécurité , qui sont appliquées depuis , avaient existé .
c'est-à-dire une prise de température .
la phase d'incubation n'est , elle , pas contagieuse .
si on arrête les vols , ces pays vont s'effondrer économiquement .
et les personnes qui aident là-bas ont besoin de rotations et de moyens supplémentaires. » a ce jour , 2 615 cas ont été recensés au liberia , au nigeria , en sierra leone et en guinée , faisant au moins 1 427 morts .
hier , la république démocratique du congo , où a été découvert ebola en 1976 , a annoncé que , depuis le 11 août , 13 personnes sont mortes d'une fièvre hémorragique d'origine indéterminée .
real estate cdc details new ebola response and prep teams jeff hulbert , of annapolis , md. , protests u.s. handling of ebola cases , outside of the white house on friday in washington .
meanwhile , the government has formed a second set of teams to prepare hospitals in cities deemed most likely to see a new ebola case , should one turn up .
three of those teams have already been sent out .
health officials this week first shared details about the two sets of health squads .
the teams are `` ready to go — boom — if we have another case of ebola , '' said dr. jordan tappero , one of the leaders of cdc 's ebola response effort .
the government has been criticized for its handling of the first person diagnosed with ebola in the u.s. thomas eric duncan , a liberian , came down with ebola symptoms last month , a few days after arriving in dallas from west africa .
he was admitted to a dallas hospital in late september and died oct. 8 .
duncan 's illness and death created public fear as health officials had to track down and monitor scores of people he came in contact with .
no one in the community has been infected , but two nurses who cared for him were .
since then , cdc officials have said they should have sent more people to dallas when duncan 's case first surfaced — particularly infection control specialists , who could have provided better guidance to the hospital .
last week , president barack obama announced a push for a faster federal reaction .
more information : • cert teams the cdc has developed two sets of teams , identified by the acronyms cert and fast .
the certs — for cdc ebola response teams — are the squads obama was talking about .
they are to be made up of 10 to 20 people each , who can be sent to a hospital right after a new case of ebola is lab-confirmed , or even before confirmation , if health officials believe a person is very likely to be infected .
they are drawn from a list of roughly 100 cdc workers and others , scattered across the country .
no cert team has been deployed yet but the 20 or so people at the top of the list are on standby , with bags packed .
• fast teams three fast teams were assembled last week .
these are smaller , preparatory teams : fast stands for facility assessment and support teams .
they 're involved in checking out hospitals that have volunteered to handle ebola cases , making sure they are ready to handle everything from the first encounter with a patient to the disposal of ebola-infected medical waste .
• hospitals the government is trying to identify up to 20 hospitals around the country that are designated ebola referral centers .
an emphasis has been on reviewing hospitals in the five cities with airports where all travelers from west africa are now being funneled .
the fast teams have already been sent to three of them — new york , chicago and washington , d.c .
the other two cities are atlanta and newark .
the government hopes to release a list of primary ebola hospitals in those five cities this week , cdc officials said .
meanwhile , federal , state or local officials have already named some hospitals .
cdc officials confirmed that one is emory university hospital in atlanta — which already has been treating ebola patients .
in chicago , local health officials this week said four leading hospitals have agreed to handle ebola patients — rush university medical center , the university of chicago medical center , northwestern memorial hospital , and ann & robert h. lurie children 's hospital of chicago .
new york state officials have said they have designated eight hospitals to handle patients diagnosed with ebola : new york city 's bellevue hospital center , mount sinai hospital , new york-presbyterian/weill cornell medical center , montefiore hospital center ; north shore-long island jewish health system ; upstate university hospital in syracuse ; university of rochester medical center , and stony brook university hospital on long island .
• other teams on sunday , the pentagon said it 's building a 30-person medical support team that could go to help civilian hospitals deal with a future appearance of ebola .
the team is to include 20 critical care nurses , five doctors trained in infectious disease , and five trainers in infectious disease protocols .
the military team has a different orientation — they 'll be there to provide medical care if a hospital needs more hands .
the cert teams are not there to care for patients .
they would be involved in testing , coordinating communications with the public , ensuring that hospital workers are properly protected , and helping to track down people an infected person was in contact with , explained dr. john t. brooks , a cdc official who oversees the teams .
the cdc also has teams in ohio and texas working on ebola , brooks said .
they are not fast or cert teams .
they were sent to help officials in those states to help track and prepare for potential cases related to duncan or to a nurse who treated him and traveled to the cleveland area .
american who contracted ebola now in critical condition updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:59 ( ap ) — an american health care worker who contracted ebola while volunteering in a sierra leone treatment unit has been downgraded to critical condition been treating patients in liberia and sierra leone since november .
the latest nih patient is american ebola patient worsens to critical condition updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:59 ( photo : michael duff , ap ) an american health care being listed in critical condition may be an ominous sign .
they were flown in friday and just over the weekend changed to critical condition .
tracey leong has the patient is being monitored at nih in bethesda , the same hospital where nurse ebola-infected american health care worker now in critical condition updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:59 the patient was flown to the national ins utes of health clinical center in bethesda , md. , a high-level containment facility .
an american to critical condition as of monday , according to doctors at the u.s. national ins utes of health ( nih ) .
ebola patient at nih in critical condition updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:59 ( wusa9 ) -- the american ( nih ) with ebola is in critical condition .
the patient 's status changed on monday from serious to critical .
no additional details have been released about the patient at this time .
the patient’s status are also near the nih clinical center in bethesda american who contracted ebola now in critical condition at nih bethesda updated on 03/18/2015 at 04:03:59 bethesda , md .
the agency says the patient 's status was changed
ebola outbreak 2014 teddy ub infectious disease experts discuss facts of ebola lesse and sellick discussed the symptoms ebola causes , its transmission and its history .
they also covered public awareness , media misconceptions and medical professionals ' efforts to handle the outbreak .
the claims — all … .
but such ideas contradicted basic facts about the … read more on politifact
what ebola outbreak would look like in u.s. ( wnd ) – according to a senior health fellow at the council on foreign relations , the world has no strategic plan to contain the worst ebola outbreak in history while scientists are saying an outbreak on u.s. soil would require sweeping measures .
total quarantine of cities or sections of infected cities and restrictions on air travel could be expected .
if the statements are true , each nation must come up with its own plan to protect its people .
in the united states , that job falls to the cdc in atlanta .
as frieden testified thursday , the cdc raised its emergency operations center to level 1 , the highest possible alert in an effort to better coordinate a cdc-organized surge of health professionals and equipment being rushed to west africa in an effort to contain the ebola outbreak .
nearly 900 people have died of ebola in four west african countries since february .
frieden also told congress that it’s “inevitable” that someone with ebola will get on a plane and fly to the united states , risking an outbreak here .
if , or when , ebola does show up in the united states , the only way to combat the virus is through strict quarantines , said dr. arthur robinson , a biochemist with oregon-based doctors for disaster preparedness .
hopefully that doesn’t happen but it could.” robinson , who stresses that he has no inside knowledge of the government’s plans other than what he’s already seen play out , says he doubts the united states would be adequately prepared for a major outbreak of ebola on its soil .
we have nothing that stops a virus other than quarantine and hoping it dies out .
it has its own dna , a code that is also able to penetrate a living cell .
the virus takes over the living cell .
the cell pops and then those viruses infect other cells .
but by itself it is inert .
it has the dna but it does not have the machinery to reproduce itself without a living cell ( as its host ) .” ebola is spread through contact with bodily fluids such as blood , sweat , vomit or feces .
the symptoms include nausea , vomiting , high fever and diarrhea and there is no known cure .
the death rate of the strain now infecting people is about 70 percent .
the disease has up to a 21-day incubation period and the virus can live outside of an infected person’s body for hours , possibly days .
as a viral hemorrhagic fever , it is one of nine diseases which the federal government has the authority to forcibly quarantine .
a living victim of ebola “is alive with viruses and their cells are making more virus-infected cells at a tremendous rate , ” robinson said .
you get little tiny assaults with viruses all the time and your body is able to overcome them but once it’s in the body it’s a huge dose .
people rubbing their eyes or putting their hands in their mouth , it breaks out .
and a person infected is just a huge reservoir of the virus and cells that are supporting that virus.” the very nature of a virus makes it hard to combat without a vaccine and robinson pointed to the polio virus as an example .
there are viruses all over the place , we live in a sea of viruses , but when one wakes up you’re in a lot of trouble.” according to a cdc statement released wednesday , u.s. hospitals can safely manage patients with ebola .
in certain situations involving copious body fluids , additional equipment may be needed ( for example , double gloving , disposable shoe coverings , and leg coverings ) .” the cdc has 20 known quarantine stations throughout the u.s. but it is not known if those would be adequate to contain a full outbreak .
a cdc press officer told wnd she would have someone “get back with you” thursday on this issue but no one from the agency followed up .
and other questions abound : would there be enough testing sites , testing labs and hospitals capable of handling an outbreak ?
screening stations would likely be set up at all international airports .
for more details on how an ebola outbreak might affect the united states , see this white house document drafted by the clinton administration during a less severe ebola scare in africa .
the u.s. department of health and human services announced in july it was issuing $ 840 million to upgrade the emergency preparedness of state and local medical facilities .
but dr. jane orient , m.d. , a practicing physician in tuscon , arizona , and member of doctors for disaster preparedness , wonders if it will be too little , too late .
she said the more sensible strategy would be to quarantine people in their homes .
she said recent articles about obama’s executive order giving him authority to quarantine sick people and those suspected of being sick “is really nothing new.” the u.s. has used governmental quarantine powers dating back to 1878 .
so the risk is that even if the government is telling the truth , for a change , the people just won’t believe it.” orient said there is no evidence the ebola virus can be spread by airborne germs such as a sneeze , but nor is there any proof that it can’t , “so maybe we’ll find out late in the game.” she said body fluids such as sweat or saliva could be found on any city surface .
unfortunately it starts off like a bad case of the flu.” she said the cdc has put out communications that the disease can only be spread by direct contact with an infected person’s bodily fluids , “but that looks so contradictory to the way they transported these two patients to atlanta , with extreme caution .
when people in space suits are telling you ‘oh don’t worry , there’s no danger of this spreading , ’ they have no credibility.” frieden , meanwhile , continues to try to tamp down any concerns .
he exuded confidence that everything is under control in his latest press release , issued on wednesday .
find patients , isolate and care for them ; find their contacts ; educate people ; and strictly follow infection control in hospitals .
do those things with meticulous care and ebola goes away , ” frieden said in the release .
we will save lives in west africa and protect ourselves at home by stopping ebola at the source.” robinson is less cheery about the cdc’s capabilities .
he said there is no denying the fact that there are some cultural practices in west africa that help the disease spread that are not present in american culture .
these things are not trivial .
we’ve just scratched the surface there’s so much we don’t know about these diseases .
please donate now please note that if you wish to make any amount of contribution to us , you can send it to us using paypal id info @ pakalertpress.com .
fertility drug appears to stop ebola virus posted by josh barney-virginia on july 4 , 2013 you are free to share this article under the attribution 4.0 international license .
u. virginia ( us ) — a class of drugs that includes treatments for breast cancer and infertility appears to inhibit the deadly , incurable ebola virus .
clomiphene , which is used to treat female infertility , and toremifene , used to treat breast cancer , can effectively block ebola infections in mice .
the drugs , and others with similar structures , seem to prevent the virus from delivering its rna into the cytoplasm of cells .
without the ability to deliver its genetic payload , the virus degrades quickly and is removed from the body .
it strikes both humans and other primates , and there are fears it could be used as a biological weapon .
there’s no cure , so it’s imperative that scientists find effective treatments .
the new discovery could lead to the repurposing of fda-approved drugs , already available for prescription , to combat the virus .
researchers discovered that the drugs were preventing the virus from fusing with membranes in targeted cells , essentially hemming in the viral rna .
working for hawaii - hawaii news , weather , and sports mon , 16 mar 2015 03:37:26 +0000 hourly
health officials on tuesday announced the first case of ebola diagnosed in the united states — a man isolated in intensive care at texas health presbyterian hospital in dallas .
five things to know about the case : when and how it happened health officials say they don’t know how the man was infected , but he flew from the west african country of liberia , where the outbreak is ongoing , on sept. 19 and arrived to visit relatives in the u.s. a day later .
his symptoms started around last wednesday ; he sought medical care friday but was not admitted to the hospital until sunday .
risk to fellow travelers “ebola doesn’t spread till someone gets sick , and he didn’t get sick for four days” after getting off the plane , so officials are not seeking out fellow passengers for signs of ebola , said dr. tom frieden , director of the centers for disease control and prevention .
the virus does not spread through the air — only through close contact with bodily fluids from a sick person , he stressed .
risk to people in dallas several family members and maybe a few community people are being monitored for possible risk — “handful is the right characterization” for how many , frieden said .
how long risk lasts people will be watched for fever or other possible signs for 21 days .
what to do if you think you’re at risk contact the cdc , frieden said .
state and local health officials in texas also are working to trace any possible contacts .
this material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
she said this is so because the male ebola survivors have refused to follow medical advice to refrain from sex for three months after their discharge or to use condom during sexual intercourse .
according to the liberia news agency , dr. omurutu , who made the disclosure wednesday when president ellen johnson sirleaf paid an acquaintance visit to the etu wednesday , explained that the facility is now receiving the wives of male ebola survivors .
she emphasized the need for government to distribute condoms free of charge to male ebola survivors to help reduce the chances of infecting their female partners with the virus .
dr. omurutu pointed out that the non-use of condom by male ebola survivors has the propensity to hinder efforts to eradicate the killer disease from liberia .
in remarks , president sirleaf said she will work with health ministry authorities to address the issue , and urged survivors and other liberians to continue to adhere to safety measures in order to make the country ebola-free .
scientists calculate ebola could reach france , uk by late october october 05 , 2014 8:34 am london— scientists have used ebola disease spread patterns and airline traffic data to predict a 75 percent chance the virus could be imported to france by october 24 , and a 50 percent chance it could hit britain by that date .
those numbers are based on air traffic remaining at full capacity .
assuming an 80 percent reduction in travel to reflect that many airlines are halting flights to affected regions , france 's risk is still 25 percent , and britain 's is 15 percent .
the deadly epidemic has killed more than 3,400 people since it began in west africa in march and has now started to spread faster , infecting almost 7,200 people so far .
nigeria , senegal and now the united states - where the first case was diagnosed on tuesday in a man who flew in from liberia - have all seen people carrying the ebola haemorrhagic fever virus , apparently unwittingly , arrive on their shores .
most likely to be affected france is among countries most likely to be hit next because the worst affected countries - guinea , sierra leone and liberia - are french-speaking and have busy travel routes back , while britain 's heathrow is one of the world 's biggest travel hubs .
france and britain have each treated one national who was brought home with the disease and then cured .
the scientists ' study suggests that more may bring it to europe not knowing they are infected .
belgium has a 40 percent chance of seeing the disease arrive on its territory , while spain and switzerland have lower risks of 14 percent each , according to the study first published in the journal plos current outbreaks and now being regularly updated .
the world health organization ( who ) has not placed any restrictions on travel and has encouraged airlines to keep flying to the worst-hit countries .
british airways and emirates airlines have suspended some flights but the risks change every day the epidemic continues , said alex vespignani , a professor at the laboratory for the modeling of biological and socio-technical systems at northeastern university in boston who led the research .
but the disease can also have a long incubation period of up to 21 days , meaning that people can be unaware for weeks that they are infected , and not feel or display any symptoms .
this , it seems , is what allowed the liberian visitor thomas eric duncanto to fly to the united states and spend several days there unaware that he was carrying the deadly virus , before being diagnosed and isolated .
free movement in the european union , free movement of people means someone unknowingly infected with ebola could easily drive through several neighboring countries before feeling ill and seeking help , and spend weeks in contact with friends or strangers before becoming sick enough to show up on airport scanners .
jonathan ball , a professor of molecular virology at britain 's nottingham university said that even with exit screening at airports of affected countries , the long , silent incubation period meant “cases can slip through the net.” “whilst the risk of imported ebola virus remains small , it 's still a very real risk , and one that wo n't go away until this outbreak is stopped , ” he said .
risk assessment according to the latest ebola risk assessment from the european centers of disease prevention and control , which monitors health and disease in the region , “the capacity to detect and confirm cases ... is considered to be sufficient to interrupt any possible local transmission of the disease early.” gatherer cited nigeria as an example of how ebola can be halted with swift and detailed action .
despite being in west africa and being home to one of the world 's most crowded , chaotic cities , nigeria has managed to contain ebola 's spread to a total of 20 cases and 8 deaths , and looks likely to be declared free of the virus in coming weeks .
it 's a different matter in modern western cities with the very sanitized , sterile lives that we live , '' he added .
sun , 21 sep 2014 21:25:10 +0000 http : //ebola-infection.com/ ? p=67
bellevue patients test negative for ebola ; texas nurse in isolat - new york news member center : bellevue patients test negative for ebola ; texas nurse in isolation posted : updated : by myfox new york staff this 2010 photo provided by tcu360.com , the yearbook of texas christian university , shows nina pham , 26 , who became the first person to contract the disease within the united states .
facebook ceo mark zuckerberg and his wife , priscilla chan , are donating $ 25 million to the cdc foundation to help address the ebola epidemic. the money will be used by the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention 's ebola response effort in guinea , liberia and sierra leone and elsewhere in the world where ebola is a threat , the foundation said tuesday .
their stepped-up efforts came a day after a nurse was tested positive for the virus .
federal health officials on monday urged the nation 's hospitals to `` think ebola '' and launched a review of procedures for treating infected patients , while the world health organization called the outbreak `` the most severe , acute health emergency seen in modern times .
their stepped-up efforts came a day after a nurse was tested positive for the virus .
myfoxny.com/ap - two patients who went to bellevue hospital in manhattan with ebola-like symptoms on monday do not have the virus , according to health officials .
a nurse in dallas , texas remains in critical condition and in isolation after she contracted ebola when treating a man from liberia who died last week from the virus .
nina pham , 26 , became the first person to contract the disease within the united states .
the man she treated -- eric thomas duncan -- was visiting from liberia .
pham is being treated at texas health presbyterian hospital , the same hospital where duncan died. she 's `` doing well , '' and her hospital remains optimistic about her recovery , according to a statement issued tuesday .
it is still not known how pham contracted the virus .
records show that pham and other health care workers wore protective gear , including gowns , gloves , masks and face shields and sometimes full-body suits .
pham was one of about 70 hospital staff caring for duncan , and health officials have been monitoring them .
officials say the treatment of pham included a plasma transfusion from a doctor who beat the virus .
pham 's dog has also been placed in quarantine .
the trajectory of the ebola virus begins with flu-like symptoms. `` after approximately four days , patients experience vomiting and diarrhea .
it is the most contagious stage of the virus , '' said dr. roshini raj .
between 6-10 days , patients experience hemorrhagic symptoms .
internally , ebola attacks the blood vessels and organs causing bleeding .
externally , bleeding may occur from the eyes and other orifices .
the mortality rate for ebola when not treated is about 90 percent and about 60 percent for most patients .
new animal research suggests why ebola becomes more deadly as it spreads .
new animal research suggests why ebola becomes more deadly as it spreads .
an ebola outbreak either bordering or a nation away from the two countries that produce as much as 75 percent of the world 's cacao beans may change the makeup of a cadbury egg in the united kingdom .
the scottish government says the patient flew to glasgow via casablanca and london 's heathrow airport , arriving late sunday .
the health care worker was admitted to a hospital on monday morning .
scottish authorities say a health care worker who has just returned from sierra leone has been diagnosed with ebola and is being treated in a glasgow hospital .
the scottish government says the patient flew to glasgow via casablanca and london 's heathrow airport , arriving late sunday .
north korea , running scared from ebola , bans foreigners from marathon trending story found tweet by james pearson seoul ( reuters ) - north korea has banned foreign runners from participating in an international marathon scheduled to be held in the capital in april , citing fears about the spread of the deadly ebola virus , agencies specializing in north korea tours said on monday .
north korea is thousands of miles from the epicenter of the ebola outbreak in west africa and has reported no cases of the virus , which has killed more than 9,000 people .
nonetheless , its borders have remained closed to foreign tourists since last october , for fear the virus might spread , and it imposes a strict ...
gallery of new files this special page shows the last uploaded files .
you are at : home » australia »ebola may be coming to australia , but not in a terrorist’s backpack ebola may be coming to australia , but not in a terrorist’s backpack australia , ebola , jacqui lambie , news , us world ebola is coming to australia , but everyone can stop freaking out , the chance of getting infected is low .
and it is definitely not coming in the form of a suicide bomber , despite a politician’s outrageous comments to the contrary .
global health’s professor barbara mcpake , speaking ahead of a conference on global health security in melbourne on wednesday , said although it is likely we will see the ebola within our borders , australia is well placed to deal with an outbreak “as the epidemic gets larger and larger in west africa the likelihood of the odd case emerging in australia is quite high , but i do think australia will deal with it very well , ” she said .
satisfacción total garantizada uh oh ... unknown 0 can’t display all the features of our site .
may we suggest an alternative browser ?
because you won’t want to miss out on all this goodness .
obama ebola pin pre ordenar ¡reserva hoy !
tu diseño se fabricará y se enviará en cuanto nuestros fabricantes estén listos para comenzar su producción .
sobre este producto forma : redonda ¿quieres expresar mejor tu carácter ?
¡ahora puedes hacerlo con las chapas personalizadas de zazzle !
elige de entre miles de diseños coloridos y originales , personaliza alguno o crea el tuyo propio .
cinco tamaños disponibles : entre 3,1 y 15,2 cm de diámetro .
impresas en papel 100 % reciclado .
recubrimiento de mylar resistente a los arañazos y a los rayos uv .
chapas redondas y cuadradas disponibles .
tamaño : grande : 7,6 cm
in their own words : ebola clinicians share stories posted on february 12 , 2015 photo : rebecca rollins/partners in health dr. luanne freer and nurse tim cunningham relieve stress by dancing at maforki ebola treatment unit , sierra leone .
what was a low point ? ” those are the questions we recently asked a half-dozen doctors and nurses working in ebola treatment units ( etus ) in sierra leone .
their answers were surprisingly candid .
and they remind us that beneath the flurry of news headlines , plenty of real people are battling a very real virus .
amanda coyle , assistant professor of nursing , rochester , ny my last week , i was working in the community , but tim and i decided that the last day we were going back to the etu , because we missed it , as weird as that sounds .
we donned and entered and tim was the pied piper , with the children really loving him , while i was just kind of in the background .
we had fallen into these roles where he was the fun parent and i was the serious parent .
anyway , one of the children was foday , 14 years old .
the night he had turned the corner for the better was also the night it was clear his father was going to die .
when his father did , i had gone in , held his hand , put a hand on his knee , and said , “i’m so sorry , so sorry.” he had been very stoic. so anyway , tim is doing his clowning thing and i went to foday , “how are you ? ” and he just said , “i love you.” kim spray , paramedic and nurse , santa fe , nm say you need to find some supplies .
you go from room to room , looking for water or a piece of tape and you can’t find it .
and as each little frustration builds , then a patient you’re close to dies .
and then it turns out your clinician friends are leaving .
luanne freer , emergency medicine physician , bozeman , mt i’ll never forget just giving this man a drink .
just taking the time to kneel down beside him and put the water to his lips—if you’re a hospice nurse , maybe you do things like this all the time , but not me .
dana clutter , infectious diseases fellow , redwood city , ca we had this girl , kadiatu .
even when her tests came back positive for ebola , she had enough energy to attempt mischievous little “escapes” from the etu. when she cleared her ebola , she was left with ongoing seizures , and had developed blindness and paralysis on the left side of her body .
but a pediatric neurologist arrived with the next cohort of pihers ; her grandmother , who was always there , proved to be a talented physical therapist ; and dr. farmer secured us a stash of phenobarbital , an anti-seizure medicine .
the stars aligned for her .
she stopped seizing , began walking , and her sight returned .
by the time i left , her only deficit was weakness in her left arm .
before she got really sick , during one of her “escapes , ” she had ended up running through wet cement , in a doffing area they were making .
now all of us love to doff in lane one because you can see her little footprints there .
musa sillah , psychiatric nurse , willow grove , pa we’d just started the psycho-social community outreach and were visiting this village .
i think it was our first venture out there .
it had had 60-something people with ebola .
and 12 or 13 of the survivors came from our treatment center .
so people in the village knew about pih before we showed up .
but still , when we got to the outskirts , the whole town was there .
and survivors started talking and talking about our center , and they knew the names of the nurses that cared for them .
it was a good meeting .
dana clutter , infectious diseases fellow , redwood city , ca there’s this one guy i felt particularly bad about , maybe because he was young , probably my age , 32 .
he looked healthy at first glance , it seemed like he should do well .
but as we’re interviewing him , he just started vomiting so much blood .
he just kept vomiting and vomiting .
he looked uncomfortable but what was most noticeable was that he looked scared .
his eyes were so wide , and he was looking at the blood in the bucket and trying to read our faces .
i told him , “don’t worry , we’re going to give you medications and fluids and help you survive .
you’re gon na get better .
we’ll help you beat this.” he died the next night .
i think i had mixed feelings .
i felt good that i gave him all the care i could , and that i gave him hope—made him hope .
but on the other hand , i felt bad that i couldn’t keep my promise .
charles callahan , professor of pediatrics , alexandria , va the highlight was aminata .
she came in on the evening of december 23rd .
it was late , we were working late , and we could not get an iv in her .
i fully expected that on christmas eve morning she would not be alive .
but i came in early that day , so i could get there ahead of everyone else , and she was still alive .
i got her to drink a tiny bit .
a day later , we decided to put in an intraosseous line in—a special iv placed directly into the bone .
we put that in on christmas day , according to my diary .
and eventually she was ebola negative and discharged .
it was like a christmas miracle .
kim spray , paramedic and nurse , santa fe , nm we try to have dance parties once a week .
they often start laughing when i dance .
seeing the patients smile at the funny white woman trying to dance is one of the highpoints .
amanda coyle , professor of nursing , rochester , ny a colleague and me walked into the ward during the last night shift .
and there was a man laying on the floor , all curled up in urine and vomit and stool and blood .
and he was just out of it .
we knew we had to clean him up , put him on a mattress .
you want to run screaming from the building but you’ve done it so much , you know what to do .
paul and i started to clean him up and paul’s glove broke .
he had on three gloves , but it was a big enough break in the outer one that we were worried .
and we had some new arrivals , new clinicians , with us , and they were overwhelmed .
and you have to be very sensitive to their safety and ppe .
so we had to make this incredibly difficult choice -- that it was not safe for the healthcare team to be in there at that moment .
we left the man in that state .
while i waited for them to doff , i had time to round in the confirmed ward .
that’s when i discovered a corpse , a woman that had been circling the drain .
and the awareness that it was 10 at night and she was going to be there until the corpse team arrived in the morning… .
and the awareness that next to her was a father with boys and he was probably going to die , too… .
as a nurse , to have to leave those people… .
musa sillah , psychiatric nurse , willow grove , pa it was devastating for us .
most of us had fallen in love with this kid .
we put an iv in her .
one day we’re doing rounds , and one of my coworkers is kneeling down to change her diaper .
and i look over and she isn’t breathing .
and i have to say , “i don’t think she’s breathing.” and my coworker is stunned .
i say , “she’s dead.” but it does n't register .
charles callahan , professor of pediatrics , alexandria , va every time a child died , i’d write down the name .
i just thought these kids need to be remembered .
i need to carry their names with me .
during my time , almost two dozen kids passed away .
luanne freer , emergency medicine physician , bozeman , mt i was sitting with two sierra leonean nurses and we started talking about the war in sierra leone .
i asked , “how did it affect you ? ” one pulled his foot out and showed me the toe that had been chopped off in front of his mother when he was five .
he said , “this is nothing , ” and asked if i’d seen the short sleeve people and the long sleeve people .
i had , but i didn’t know that’s what they were called .
during the war , rebels would ask if you want short sleeves or long sleeves and then either chop off your hand or chop off your arm .
i asked them , “do you believe in god ? ” one said , “i do believe in god , i just believe that satan is stronger.” and i had to agree .
i don’t know how anyone can deserve this—war and then ebola , torture on torture .
*names have been changed to respect patient privacy share:
cookie policy : this site uses cookies ( small files stored on your computer ) to simplify and improve your experience of this website .
cookies are small text files stored on the device you are using to access this website .
for more information please take a look at our terms and conditions .
some parts of the site may not work properly if you choose not to accept cookies .
mutating ebola virus warning : medical microbiologist says it’s already changing http : //www.ebola.com/science/mutating-ebola-virus-warning-medical-microbiologist-says/
shipping & policies ebola bowl based on the classic image of ebola , one of the first ever , taken ( dr. frederick murphy at the centers for disease control and prevention in 1976 ) ebola virus causes severe disease in humans and in nonhuman primates in the form of viral hemorrhagic fever .
ebov is a select agent , world health organization risk group 4 pathogen ( requiring biosafety level 4-equivalent containment ) , national institutes of health/national institute of allergy and infectious diseases category a priority pathogen , centers for disease control and prevention category a bioterrorism agent , and listed as a biological agent for export control by the australia group .
6 '' x 5 '' fused glass dish .
use it as a soap dish .
use it as a spoon dish .
use it to hold your rings or other jewelry .
use it as a sauce dish for sushi .
please contact me for special color requests , and more exact time estimate .
original design and creation by me , jane hartman
american cameraman for nbc news diagnosed with ebola in liberia caption ebola in liberia afp/getty images a man walks past an ebola campaign banner with the new slogan `` ebola must go '' in monrovia on feb. 23 , 2015 .
the country of four million is slowly emerging from the epidemic .
a man walks past an ebola campaign banner with the new slogan `` ebola must go '' in monrovia on feb. 23 , 2015 .
the country of four million is slowly emerging from the epidemic .
in this photo taken feb. 26 , a unicef aid worker , right , visits a home that has been quarantined due to the ebola virus in freetown , sierra leone .
a picture taken nov. 7 shows people walking past a billboard with a message about ebola in freetown , sierra leone .
in this wednesday , sept. 24 , 2014 file photo , healthcare workers load a man suspected of suffering from the ebola virus onto an ambulance in kenema , sierra leone .
the world health organization says officials are now focused on ending the biggest-ever ebola outbreak rather than just slowing the virus ' spread .
an empty area outside an ebola virus recovery ward in freetown , sierra leone .
the world health organization says officials are now focused on ending the biggest-ever ebola outbreak rather than just slowing the virus ' spread .
the 33-year-old cameraman and writer , who has worked in liberia for the past three years and has covered the recent ebola outbreak for various u.s. media outlets , will be flown back to the united states for treatment , nbc said in an online report .
four people close to the first person diagnosed with ebola in the united states were quarantined in a dallas apartment , where sheets and other items used by the man were sealed in plastic bags , as health officials widened their search for others who had direct or indirect contact with him .
word that a journalist had fallen ill with the potentially lethal virus seemed to raise the stakes for other members of the news media trying to cover the worst ebola outbreak on record on the ground in liberia , the nation hardest hit by the epidemic .
the outbreak has killed at least 3,300 people in west africa .
8 nbc declined to give the man 's name at the request of his family .
he began experiencing symptoms on wednesday that included aches and fatigue , the network said .
he was hired on tuesday to serve as a second cameraman for nbc news chief medical editor and correspondent dr. nancy snyderman , who has been with three other network employees on assignment inliberia 's capital , monrovia .
immediately after beginning to feel sick and discovering he was running a slight fever , the cameraman quarantined himself and sought medical advice .
he then went to a doctors without borders treatment center to be tested for the virus , and the positive result came back less than 12 hours later , nbc said .
jhanzel 5 `` we are doing everything we can to get him the best care possible , '' nbc news president deborah turness said in a note to network staff .
turness also said that as a precaution , snyderman and the rest of the nbc crew would be flown back to the united states on a private charter plane and will place themselves under quarantine for 21 days , which she said is `` at the most conservative end of the spectrum of medical guidance .
in an interview thursday with the host of `` the rachel maddow show '' on nbc 's sister cable network , msnbc , snyderman said the cameraman 's exposure to the potentially lethal virus is believed to have occurred before he began working for the network .
'zero risk means never coming to liberia ' but she offered no particulars of how he might have contracted the virus , which is transmitted through contact with the bodily fluids of someone who is infected and symptomatic .
snyderman said journalists in liberia carry thermometers for regularly taking their temperatures and observe such precautions as avoiding handshakes and hugs , as well as washing their hands with diluted bleach and water and dipping their feet into bleach solution before entering hotels or other public places .
she said she wore a biohazard suit recently when visiting an ebola ward , and was helped out of it afterward by two nurses who `` meticulously '' removed the suit from her body .
the four other americans who have been infected were doctors or relief workers who were sent back to theunited states for medical treatment .
aid workers dr. kent brantly and nancy writebol contracted the disease at a relief agency in monrovia in july .
last month , dr. rick sacra tested positive after working in a liberian hospital .
they have all since been released .
an american doctor diagnosed with ebola in the neighboring country of sierra leone arrived at emory university hospital in atlanta for treatment on sept. 9 and is still being treated .
he has not been publicly identified .
a liberian man visiting relatives in dallas recently became the first ebola patient to be diagnosed in the united states .
