<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title></title>
<meta name="Creator" content="Apache FOP Version 1.1"/>
<meta name="Producer" content="Apache FOP Version 1.1"/>
<meta name="CreationDate" content=""/>
</head>
<body>
<pre>
Charith Adkar
Post doc at University of Sherbrooke

Summary
Highly focused, results-driven Research Scientist in Microbiology/Molecular biology with credible experience
in field of bioinformatics, biotechnology, plant pathology, plant science and bioinformatics equipped with
extensive research background in the international laboratories; possesses outstanding ability to analyze,
gather, write, evaluate and produce detailed reports on critical projects. Adept in conducting initial research,
providing data analysis, evaluating and then developing viable solutions for efficient management of plant
pathogens; authored relevant publications.
Specialties: Isolation and identification of microbes, fungal and bacterial culture maintenance, disease
tolereance screening techniques in crops, DNA, RNA isolation, RT-PCR, qPCR, Blotting techniques (Northern
and Western), protein purification, amiRNA, vector construction, cloning, RLM-RACE, PARE (degradome),
RNA secondary structure prediction (SHAPE), RNAi, transgenics.

Experience
Post doctoral fellow at Université de Sherbrooke
October 2012 - Present (4 years 2 months)
(i) Structural elucidation of RNA molecules (viroids) in solution: Preparation of dimeric RNA molecules,
transcription, performing genotypic and data interpretation using QuShape software.
(ii) Identification of viroid derived small RNA targets in tomato plants: bioassay of tomato plants various
viroids, total RNA extraction, small RNA purification, RT-PCR, RT-qPCR, deep sequence data analysis,
interpretation of viroid derive small RNA targets in tomato genome, cloning, designing and performing
artificial microRNA (amiRNA) experiments, 5'-RLM RACE, PARE (degradome) analysis, fluorescence
microscopy.
JSPS post doctoral fellow at Hirosaki University
September 2010 - September 2012 (2 years 1 month)
(i) RNAi mediated resistance against multiple viroid infection: deep sequencing of viroid derived small
RNA, profiling of viroid derived small RNA on viroid genome, Inverted repeated (hairpin) construction of
various viroid structural/functional domains for RNA silencing, developed seven inverted repeat constructs,
trangenic Nicotiana benthamiana lines, transgenic tomato plants, blotting, infection tolereance screening,
accumulation of small RNA.

Page1

(ii) Effect of pesticides on microbial deveristy in apple orchards: (a) soil sample: soil sample collection,
isolation of DNA, PCR, cloning, sequencing (ABI 3500 Genetic analyzer), Sequencing alingment and data
analysis, sample preparation of deep sequencing (Roche 454) for bacterial and fungal diversity.
(b) apple phyllosphere: soil collection, enrichment of bacteria, DNA purification (elimination of chloroplast
and mitochondrial DNA), PCR, cloning, sequence analysis, development of macro-array for the detection of
pathogenic microbes.
(iii) Viroid diversity in Japan, China and India: Sample collection, RNA extraction, 2D-PAGE, Sequential
PAGE, bioassay, RT-PCR, primer designing, phylogenetic analysis, profiling of viroid diversity.
Visiting Scientist at Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering
February 2010 - August 2010 (7 months)
- Conducted experiments to develop sap mediated nucleic acid preparation from woody plants for the PCR
based detection of various plant pathogens such as Liberibacter, phytoplasma, viroids and viruses.
- Developed SNP based molecular diagnosis kit for the identification of phytoplasma associated with sandal
spike disease of sandalwood (Santalum album).
International Ph.D. student at University of Milan
November 2006 - January 2010 (3 years 3 months)
- Detected and characterised phytoplasma associated with yellows disease of black pepper.
- Characterized multiple genes of Coorg black pepper yellows phytoplasma.
- Characterized multiple genes of Liberibacter asiaticus responsible for huanglongbing disease of citrus in
India.
- Proposed genetic lineages for the classification of Liberibacter asiaticus.
- Designed and optimised conditions of simultaneous detection of Liberibacter asiaticus and Citrus tristeza
virus (CTV).
Research Scholar at University of Mysore
October 2002 - December 2006 (4 years 3 months)
- Worked on detection of causative agent responsible for yellow leaf disease of Areca catechu L., in India.
- Designed and performed experiments for the detection of Phomopsis azardirachtae, causative agent of dieback disease of neem trees.
- Designed and performed molecular biology experiments for the detection of Listeria monocytogenes from
ice cream and fish samples.
- Standardised molecular biology protocols for the detection of Fusarium sp., from various grains.

Page2

Guest Faculty at University of Mysore
August 2006 - November 2006 (4 months)
- Taught Virology and Soil Microbiology for Master's students.
- Planned and taught laboratory techniques in Virology, Food Microbiology and General Microbiology.
- Guided students for various debate competitions.
Guest Faculty at Yuvaraja's College, University of Mysore
August 2005 - February 2006 (7 months)
- Taught General Microbiology, Genetic Engineering and Molecular Biology for undergraduate student.
- Planned and taught laboratory techniques of basic Microbiology, Virology and Molecular Biology.
- Planned lessons and assignments, graded papers and exams.
- Participated in department activities to prepare materials for practical and theory examination.
- Advised second and final year undergraduate students in preparing models for science exhibition.
Guest Faculty at Yuvaraaja's College, University of Mysore
August 2003 - March 2004 (8 months)
Taught General Microbiology and Genetic Engineering to undergraduate students.
- Planned and taught laboratory techniques in Microbiology.
- Planned lessons and assignments, graded papers and exams.
- Participated in department activities to prepare materials for practical and theory examination.
Visiting Research Student at Hirosaki University
September 2003 - November 2003 (3 months)
- Worked on the identification of possible association of viroid and flagellated protozoa in yellow leaf disease
of areca palms (Areca catechu L.,).
- Used microscopic, PCR, RT-PCR and blotting techniques under the guidelines of Prof. Teruo Sano.

Education
Università degli Studi di Milano

Page3

Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.), Plant Biology and Crop Production (Plant Pathology), 2007 - 2010
Activities and Societies: (i) Summer School on Risorse genetiche e fisiologia per una produzione sostenibile
in agricoltura (Genetic and physiological resources for the production of sustainable agriculture), Parco
tecnologico padano di Lodi, Italy. (ii) Summer School on Biomonitoring and bioremediation of contaminated
soils, Parco tecnologico padano di Lodi, Lodi, Italy.
University of Mysore
Master of Science (M.Sc.), Microbiology, General, 2000 - 2002
Activities and Societies: Participated in Clinical microbiology work shop at CSI Holdsworth Hospital, Mysore,
India. (i) Life member of Indian Science Congress, India. (ii) Life member of National Academy of Biological
Sciences, India. (iii) Life member of Indian Virological Society, India. (iv) Life member of Association of
Microbiologists of India, India.
St. Alyousis College, Managalore University
Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.), Microbiology, Chemistry, Botany, 1997 - 2000
Activities and Societies: Participated in (i)Mangalore University level seminar, Mangalore, India, (ii) Frontier
Lectures held in University of Mangalore, India and, (iii) National level seminar in Cochin University of
Science and Technology, Cochin, India.
St. Phelomena's Boys High School, Puttur, India
High School

Page4

Charith Adkar
Post doc at University of Sherbrooke

Contact Charith on LinkedIn

Page5

</pre>
</body>
</html>
