<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title></title>
<meta name="Creator" content="Apache FOP Version 1.1"/>
<meta name="Producer" content="Apache FOP Version 1.1"/>
<meta name="CreationDate" content=""/>
</head>
<body>
<pre>
Mona Lee-Tam
Director, Development at The Yonge Street Mission

Summary
Accomplished marketer with a penchant for excellent offering experience established from all marketing
disciplines with specialties in research, strategy, CRM, experiential events, and promotions.
Proven track record of developing and implementing successful, award winning integrated communications
plans which not only increased brand awareness but also significant results for various iconic retail
organizations and international brands.
A master at prioritizing and multi-tasking in all aspects of the marketing process from strategic planning,
budgeting to full implementation at store level and post campaign analysis.
Known for fostering innovative, win win partner marketing relationships with internal and external partners
(B2C & B2B).

Experience
Director, Development at The Yonge Street Mission
June 2016 - Present (6 months)
Oversee comprehensive annual fund strategy, including direct marketing (traditional & online), mid-level
donors, donor care and fundraising events. Oversee all marketing & communication strategy.
Direct Marketing contract (Dec. 2015 - May 2016)
Volunteer Director, Marketing & Communications at Management Advisory Service
June 2015 - Present (1 year 6 months)
Develop marketing strategy in support of MAS objectives (pro bono consulting). Team lead for all marketing
& communications including social/digital and traditional media.
Partner at Breakthrough Promotions
January 2013 - November 2015 (2 years 11 months)
Projects include marketing strategies and campaigns for organizations in financial services, loyalty and B2B
services as well as development of a new private label food line.
Director, Marketing & Promotions at The Nuance Group
2005 - 2012 (7 years)

Page1

As department head, developed strategic multi-channel marketing plans integrating corporate strategic goals
while leading and managing marketing team. Negotiated marketing partnerships with key vendors along
with category management teams.
Director, Direct Marketing at Holt Renfrew
2000 - 2005 (5 years)
Developed corporate strategic plans for direct/relationship marketing integrating corporate strategic goals
based on customer insight. Oversaw all CRM initiatives including card marketing, customer analytics
and segmentation, research, online and offline loyalty marketing and production of award winning Holt's
magazines.
Advertising and Direct Marketing Specialist at LCBO
1998 - 2000 (2 years)
Led advertising initiatives for LCBO and Vintages division to launch new stores and new releases. Managed
relationship with Loyalty Group and developed direct marketing initiatives leveraging Air Miles customer
database.
Manager, Advertising & Sales Promotion at Laura Canada
1997 - 1998 (1 year)
Developed and managed all advertising and direct marketing initiatives for 5 store divisions. Initiatives
included newsprint, direct mail, co-op advertising, and in-store signage.
Marketing at Harry Rosen Inc
1995 - 1997 (2 years)
Managed production of all marketing initiatives including 1996 award winning harry magazine and award
winning advertising campaign.

Volunteer Experience
Director of Marketing Communications at Management Advisory Service (MAS)
June 2015 - Present
Pro Bono Consulting for Non-profit organizations

Education
The University of Western Ontario
Bachelor of Arts (B.A.), 1987 - 1992

Page2

Mona Lee-Tam
Director, Development at The Yonge Street Mission

9 people have recommended Mona
"Mona and I worked on a promotion to coincide with the Vancouver Olympics for one of our core brands.
She quickly envisioned the potential of our proposition and was instrumental in bringing it to fruition for our
companies' mutual benefit. She truly understood her unique retail environment, saw how product fit this, and
helped us design a promotion that would maximize sales and awareness."
— SCOTT MONTGOMERY, MBA, was with another company when working with Mona at The Nuance
Group
"Mona coordinated the marketing and promotion of our Icewine at Pearson Airport. Her incredible attention
to detail and substantial organizational capabilities directly enhanced our peformance as a supplier and
positively impacted our sales in a significant fashion."
— Barry Katzman, was with another company when working with Mona at The Nuance Group
"Mona is a pleasure to work with. We have been associated for a number of years and although her
expectations were high, our staff have always strived to meet deadlines and expectations as she has the ability
to bring out the best in people and have them exceed. “Mona creates energy that fosters a creative spirit in
everyone involved in a project. My experience with Mona was always positive and professional but never
forced. Her ability to share her considerable wisdom and knowledge in a compassionate way makes her one
of the best people I have ever worked with."
— Anne Arnold, was a consultant or contractor to Mona at The Nuance Group
"Mona was a Key Person in making Nuance Group, Las Vegas (Liberty Duty Free), a successful location
and the leader of all Nuance Group location of North America in Sales. As our Director in marketing and
promotions; she kept us informed for all marketing activities and promo events for Las Vegas. Each promo
event was tailored to our customer's needs and buying profile. Our promos events played a major factor
in achieving our monthly sales plan. Mona's team was effective in their communications and support with
all locations, vendors and carriers to set up our monthly promos on a timely basis. Overall, our visual
merchandising standards excelled above our venders expectations and sales continued to thrive."
— Vivian Rivera, worked indirectly for Mona at The Nuance Group

Page3

"Mona is a refreshing breath of fresh air - she is organized, hard working and truly enjoyable to work with.
She is a big picture thinker and also excellent with the details. She inspires those who work with her and
delivers great business results. We worked together for about 4 years and she was one of the very best clients
I have had the pleasure of working with in my 20 years at Design Lab - firm but fair, and most importantly
focused on results."
— Alexander Younger, was a consultant or contractor to Mona at Holt Renfrew
"Mona is a seasoned marketer who is strategic, tactical and results oriented. She has the ability to manage
multiple tasks simultaneously without ever losing sight of priorities. She is an effective leader and is highly
respected by her team and colleagues. Working with Mona was an absolute pleasure."
— Mary Pompili, managed Mona at Holt Renfrew
"Mona's work ethic and ability to navigate challenging situations while balancing the objectives of her
organization against the needs of her partner were admirable. I highly respect her skills in retail marketing
and her innate understanding of the particular details that make a difference in the success of any retail
marketing program."
— Vivianne Gauci, was with another company when working with Mona at Holt Renfrew
"Mona was a pleasure to work with in every sense of the word. She is a very hard worker and excels at
both marketing and communication strategy, and she is also detailed-oriented, thus she excels at campaign
execution. Mona launched the 1st CRM program at Holt Renfrew; in this capacity, she was the key project
manager who handled the entire employee CRM marketing and communication. Mona is an innovator, a
people person and is results-oriented - she has a natural talent for making business thrive and succeed.I would
not hesitate to recommend her!"
— Donna Lang, worked with Mona at Holt Renfrew
"Mona was a consummate professional with an excellent grasp of detail and exceptional follow up. She was a
pleasure to collaborate with on projects as I always found her reliable, prompt and articulate."
— Lara Hunt, worked with Mona at Holt Renfrew
Contact Mona on LinkedIn

Page4

</pre>
</body>
</html>
