Job description
Location:

1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5

The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you.

Why is this role important?

In this role within the Enterprise Data team reporting to the Sr. Manager of Pharmacy and Healthcare Data, the Data Specialist is responsible for supporting data quality improvement activities by deriving and leading components of the data strategy for projects. Additionally, in this role you will focus on the scoping, root cause analysis and resolution of data quality issues. The Pharmacy & Healthcare Data Specialist will serve as an internal consultant on end-to-end data management and governance to deliver growth, operational excellence, risk avoidance and continuous improvement for the Pharmacy business unit. This position is based in our Brampton office and will require 30% travel to the Shoppers Drug Mart office on Consumers Road in Toronto.

What You'll Do

Business Engagement
Build relationships within the Pharmacy business unit and cross-functionally with other support functions (IT, Data and Analytics, Business Intelligence Competency Centre, Business Engagement Managers, etc).
Engage with Pharmacy project teams to ensure Enterprise Data tasks and deliverables are incorporated as part of project plans.
Collaborate with stakeholders and ask the right questions to flush out data quality opportunities in an effort to improve business performance (growth, operational excellence, risk avoidance).
Data Quality Improvement
Data Strategy Development & Execution
Here are just some of the things Loblaw Colleagues enjoy:
We have been recognized as one of Canada’s top 100 Employers, Best Diversity Employer and Top Employers for Young People in 2016.



At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections.

If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today.



Full time



Regular

Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired.

Contact the job poster
Job posted by
Darla Robinson BA, CHRL
Senior Talent Acquisition Specialist - Loblaw Companies Limited Recruitment Manager - Hirepower Inc.
Toronto, Canada Area
Send Inmail
Send Inmail to Darla
Industry
Financial Services
Employment type
Full-time
Experience
Not Applicable
Job function
Finance