Job description
Location:

1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5

The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you.

Why is this role important?

Under the direction of the Manager, Enterprise data, the Specialist, Enterprise Data supports data quality improvement activities by leading components of the data strategy for SAP Master Data and will be closely connected to business semantics of data quality solution development & data quality issues.

What You'll Do

Quality:
Adhere to the Data Quality Improvement Process & Frameworkarticipate in education / enablement sessions and the data quality improvement process
Drive communication and bring together business stakeholders within domain, data consumers, business process SMEs & IT support groups to manage data issues.
Assist in finding resolution on critical (level 3) production data quality issues where needed, and bring awareness to the data quality issues associated with business impacts and the value of a data quality solution
Data Strategy:
What You'll Need
Here are just some of the things Loblaw Colleagues enjoy:
We have been recognized as one of Canada’s top 100 Employers, Best Diversity Employer and Top Employers for Young People in 2016.



At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections.

If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today.



Full time



Regular

Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired.

Contact the job poster
Job posted by
Darla Robinson BA, CHRL
Senior Talent Acquisition Specialist - Loblaw Companies Limited Recruitment Manager - Hirepower Inc.
Toronto, Canada Area
Send Inmail
Send Inmail to Darla
Industry
Financial Services
Employment type
Full-time
Experience
Not Applicable
Job function
Finance