Job description
Hays Senior Accounting and Finance in the west GTA of Ontario have partnered with a growing Real estate Development construction company in the  Hamilton region as they seek for a Property accountant with Property management abilities.

The Hamilton based Property Accountant/Manager will work will work in a hybrid role where they will be responsible to act as a focal point for this growing company as they will support the accounting team with full cycle property accounting duties while managing a mixed portfolio of buildings. The property accountant/manager will be responsible to display their strong accounting skill sets where they will work within the general ledger, displaying strong full cycle property accounting skill sets. The Property Accountant/Manager will post, match, code and process all invoices with respect to a residential, commercial and office based portfolio. They will analyze accounts profitability and manage the financial integrity of the properties with respect to tenant billings and property management. Working closely with tenants the Property Manager/Accountant will manage lease agreements, negotiate with vendors, collect rent and maintain the properties while recording all accounting aspects. The Property Accountant/Manager will design business plans, schedule plan and coordinate activities’ for the properties managed while assisting the Senior Accountant with financial reports, budgets and general accounting duties such as working papers and financial statements, CAM Tax.

The Hamilton based Property Accountant/Manager must come with 5+ years of experience within a similar role; have a strong understanding of accounting principles, exposure to an ERP software implementation or project accounting systems preferably timberline and exceptional prioritization, organizational and communication skill sets as they will be acting in a client facing role.  Strong Microsoft office suite abilities a Bachelors of Commerce degree in accounting and a positive professional attitude are required for this role. 

If you are passionate about property management accounting and a job seeker who is the “jack of all trades” within property management accounting and ready to join a growing team where you can make an impact with as fast paced real estate market,  please reach out to James Willies from Hays Senior Accounting and Finance referencing this job number 1053471.

Contact the job poster
Job posted by
James Willies
Team Leader at Hays Accounting & Senior Finance
Oakville, Ontario, Canada
Send Inmail
Send Inmail to James
Industry
Construction, Commercial Real Estate, and Real Estate
Employment type
Full-time