Job description
Tell us your story. Don't go unnoticed. Explain why you're a winning candidate. Think "TD" if you crave meaningful work and embrace change like we do. We are a trusted North American leader that cares about people and inspires them to grow and move forward.

Stay current and competitive. Carve out a career for yourself. Grow with us. Here's our story: jobs.td.com

Department Overview
TD Canada Trust is TD's customer-focused personal and small business banking business. Serving more than 11 million customers nationally, TD Canada Trust provides a full range of financial products and services through its branch banking network, telephone, internet banking, and ‘TD Green Machine’ automated banking machines.



Job Type
Regular

Job Status
Full Time

Hours
8 to 6 M-F, 8 to 4 Saturday

Business Line
TD Canada Trust

Job Category - Primary
Retail Banking - Management

Job Category(s)
Retail Banking - Management

Job Description
Customer Experience
Proactively demonstrate lobby leadership in the customer lounge, help & advice area and in self serve areas of the branch with the goal to deliver legendary customer experience and create a positive “First Impression’” by greeting and engaging them in a range of sales, service and informational conversations


Job Requirements
:


Additional Information

It is understood that you will have flexibility to work evenings and weekends when required on a rotational basis as part of the branch team.

Inclusiveness

At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, or accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs.

**Province/State (Primary)
British Columbia

City (Primary)
Penticton
Industry
Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance
Employment type
Full-time
Experience
Not Applicable
Job function
Customer Service,Finance,Sales