Job description
If you’re a results-driven, enthusiastic and technology-savvy team player, you’ll thrive in our dynamic, flexible and collaborative environment.

We have an immediate opening for a talented, enthusiastic and client-focused Senior Financial Consultant to join our growing Ottawa ON team.

What You Will Do:

Reporting to the Regional Manager, as a Senior Financial Consultant, you will assist CMA members and their families in achieving their personal financial goals. Working as a partner with MD’s Specialist Advisors, you will leverage your years of experience and strong client focus to prepare comprehensive financial plans and specific investment strategies for clients. You will identify and develop new opportunities to prospect and grow the client base, while ensuring retention of clients through strong relationship building and the development of comprehensive financial plans.

As part of a broader network of MD financial experts you will facilitate a team approach by actively referring clients to MD Private Investment Counsel (discretionary management), MD Private Trust (estate and executor services), MD Insurance and MD Banking Products (National Bank Financial). You will also work to ensure client needs are pro-actively addressed in alignment with their current financial situation and life stage as well as their future aspirations.

When not meeting with clients or identifying new clients, you will further your knowledge of advanced financial planning concepts including income tax, investment trends and products, and any other issues having an impact on CMA Members. Your thorough understanding of compliance with all industry regulations will ensure accurate administration of all client transactions and compliance requirements, thus minimizing risk and expense to the company.

As a Senior Financial Consultant, you will participate in facilitating seminars and information meetings throughout the region, as well as implementing marketing strategies to provide advice and information concerning investment programs and related services.

Flexibility to travel, as required, is expected.



The ideal candidate will possess a minimum of 5 years’ experience providing financial advice within the financial services industry coupled with a University degree in business, commerce or financial planning and hold the Certified Financial Planner (CFP) designation.




















Industry
Financial Services
Employment type
Full-time
Experience
Mid-Senior level
Job function
Consulting