Job description
Job Type: Permanent
Primary Location: Montreal, Quebec, Canada
All Available Locations: Montreal

External Posting Description

En tant que Directeur principal, Énergie & Ressources – Services publics, vous aurez à :
Établir et cultiver des relations d’affaires avec des dirigeants au sein des organisations clientes (ex : PDG, Vice-président, etc.) du secteur des services publics
Identifier des opportunités d’affaires et prendre le leadership de leur poursuite
Définir les objectifs des missions desquelles vous êtes responsables
Assurer la gestion globale des missions, soutenues par une équipe de conseillers
Mettre en pratique les méthodes de gestion des risques appropriées pour rencontrer les attentes des différentes parties prenantes
Prendre des décisions d’affaires basées sur les faits au moyen de l’analytique et de la gestion de l’information
Conseiller des clients sur les modèles d’opération optimaux pour la gestion des actifs
Créer des stratégies et plans de gestion des actifs, de même que les processus, outils et technologies qui les soutiennent
Établir et promouvoir un positionnement clair de votre expertise conseil tant à l’interne que dans le marché
Détenir une grande connaissance des tendances de l’industrie et des meilleures pratiques et savoir en tirer profit
Contribuer à la croissance et au développement de l’équipe Énergie & Ressources
External Posting Qualifications



We’re always looking for people with the relentless energy to drive and push themselves further to find new avenues and unique ways of reaching our shared goals. At Deloitte, we know that being the undisputed leader means empowering our people to be the very best they can be – so they can make an impact that matters for clients, colleagues and the community, and for their own careers.

We offer a truly differentiated talent experience that empowers our people with unlimited opportunities to do meaningful work and to grow, learn, and lead at every point in their career. Deloitte’s newly designed offices offer unique workspaces that strengthen connections, inspire innovative ways of working, and provide the necessary tools to help you make an impact that matters. And with our global reach and network, you’ll always be part of the Deloitte community.

“Once Deloitte, always Deloitte.”



Deloitte is one of Canada’s leading professional services firms, providing audit, tax, consulting and financial advisory services across Canada. At Deloitte, we combine industry insight with a deep understanding of today’s local and global business challenges to give our clients the intelligent, practical and principled solutions they need to resolve both today’s and tomorrow’s challenges.



Deloitte is an inclusive employer dedicated to building a diverse workforce. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective provincial human rights codes throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. Please advise the Recruiter to ensure your accessibility needs are accommodated throughout this process. Information received relating to accommodation will be addressed confidentially.

We thank all applicants in advance for their interest; however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted.

15187

15187-en_US
Industry
Management Consulting
Employment type
Full-time
Experience
Not Applicable
Job function
Consulting