Job description
Tell us your story. Don't go unnoticed. Explain why you're a winning candidate. Think "TD" if you crave meaningful work and embrace change like we do. We are a trusted North American leader that cares about people and inspires them to grow and move forward.

Stay current and competitive. Carve out a career for yourself. Grow with us. Here's our story: jobs.td.com

Department Overview
Reporting to the VP, Financial Planning National Office, the Senior Manager, Sales Effectiveness is responsible for all programs and initiatives in support of driving stronger sales and business results in the field.

The National Sales Office group serves 5 main roles:
Sales Effectiveness – Enabling enhanced Sales Leadership and Sales Management practices in the field
Business Strategy and Client Experience – Executing on the 5 year strategy and ensuring an integrated and strategic approach to delivering a legendary client experience
Financial Planning Sales Support – FPA and administrative support for Financial Planners
Business Operations and Programs – Delivering technology integration, process improvement, risk and control oversight, and program management
Small Accounts – Leading the phone-based Advice Strategy for Financial Planning Small Households


Job Type
Regular

Job Status
Full Time

Hours
Flexibility Required

Business Line
TD Wealth

Job Category - Primary
Wealth Management

Job Category(s)
Wealth Management

Job Description
General accountabilities of this role include but are not limited to the following:


Job Requirements



Additional Information



Education and Accreditation
Please review 'Additional Information'

Inclusiveness

At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, or accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs.

**Province/State (Primary)
Ontario

City (Primary)
Toronto
Industry
Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance
Employment type
Full-time
Experience
Not Applicable
Job function
Analyst,Business Development,Finance