Job description
Manager, Corporate Accounting - Excellent Opportunity with great team & varied responsibilities!

What- the Role: We are currently seeking an experienced Manager, Corporate Accounting! As the Manager, Corporate Accounting, you will report to the Vice President Finance and be responsible for the corporate accounting, financial reporting, general ledgers, annual plan and banking function for our client.

Who- the Company: Our client is a medium-sized engineering consulting firm, and is a part of a larger international firm that is considered a leader in its field. Headquartered in Vancouver, our client is involved in projects globally and have been recognized as one of Canada’s Best Managed Companies.

Where: Vancouver, easily accessible by transit.

Key Responsibilities:
Own and manage the domestic and foreign subsidiary general ledgers
Provide monthly financial statements and analysis to the senior management team
Continuously enhance accounting and reporting processes through application of available technology and process improvement
 
We are seeking a dynamic and seasoned accounting management professional with a collaborative and team-oriented approach. A CPA designation is a must-have along with 7-10 years of progressive experience gained primarily in general corporate accounting in a medium or large sized organization. Ideally we are looking for someone that has strong exposure to consolidations or working with multi-entity/locations as this would enable the successful candidate to hit the ground running coming into this position. Having worked in an engineering environment prior is an asset but not a requirement. Key for this role is the ability to be both hands-on yet strategic, being an effective communicator & possess exceptional interpersonal skills.
 
Generous base salary, commensurate with skills, education, and experience, plus vacation & benefits.
 
This search is moving quickly! If you already have a Recruiter at Swim, please reach out very soon. If you do not yet have a contact at Swim Recruiting, please hit ' and send us your resume in Word format.
Industry
Civil Engineering
Employment type
Full-time
Experience
Mid-Senior level
Job function
Accounting/Auditing