Job description
Even if you’re not familiar with our name, you’ve almost certainly heard of our billion-dollar brands like Cadbury, Milka, Prince and Oreo. Developing the world’s favorite snacks, we’re passionate about creating delicious moments of joy for people all around the world. Working at Mondelēz International is all about the power of big - and small.



Why big? Because we’re the world’s leading maker of Chocolate, Biscuits, Candy and Gum. We’re ranked #1 in chocolate, biscuits and candy, and #2 in gum. What’s more, we employ over 100,000 people worldwide and market products in around 165 countries.



Why small? We go out of our way to hear everyone’s point of view, and develop local roots wherever we go. It’s this combination of big and small that drives everything we do.



For more information, please visit: http://www.mondelezinternational.com/ and www.facebook.com/mondelezinternational.





Accounting Manager



The Manager of Accounting will have primary responsibility for the accounts and financial statements of North America business region including Canada. The manager has accountability for general accounting activities for the region with focus on Canada specific accounting valuation such us the valuation of pension, other employee benefit plans for Canadian employees, as well as providing oversight and support for all Canadian indirect taxes.  Will be responsible for reviewing the activities and managing the development of the Associate Finance Manager- Sales Tax, the one direct report. This role reports into NA Controller. 

The Manager must have a proven track record in US GGAP accounting, and the preparation of financial statements.

Strong preference will be given to individuals with experience Canadian statutory requirements.

Demonstrated experience in completing complex account analysis and issue resolution are key requirements for the role. 














































































Industry
Food & Beverages
Employment type
Full-time
Experience
Mid-Senior level
Job function
Business Development