Job description
The Production Trade Foreman (Electrical) is accountable for the safe, efficient and timely completion of all vessel repair and new construction work performed by Tradespersons at Vancouver Shipyards. Primary responsibilities include planning and monitoring assigned projects, and ensuring that they are appropriately staffed and supervised to meet schedule, budget and customer requirements. The Production Trade Foreman (Electrical) is also responsible to ensure that all work is carried out in accordance shipyard safety, quality, and environment standards, policies and procedures.

The role provides departmental leadership, direction and motivation by managing department charge-hands to ensure productivity and quality levels are consistently improved. He/she provides initiative and direction for continuous process improvement activities within the assigned department. The Production Trade Foreman (Electrical) is also responsible to build trade competency and skills in preparation for the Federal Fleet Renewal (FFR) Program.

The Production Trade Foreman (Electrical) reports to the Director, Operations. He/She will have Chargehands as direct reports, responsible for day-to-day management of production workers. The number of direct reports varies by production trade and volume of work under contract.

There Are Currently 2 Opportunities
New Construction - Afternoon Shift
Repair & Refit - Day Shift

Duties/Accountabilities

Operations and Team Management
Manage assigned trade labour by providing workers as dictated by work schedules and stage of construction superintendents. Allocate manpower to stages of construction in accordance schedule and priorities, assigning workers with the skill and ability to efficiently complete scheduled work.
Ensure trade workers have the skills, equipment and certifications required to perform planned work activities.




Seaspan is committed to Employment Equity, supports diversity in the workplace, and encourages applications from all qualified individuals including, women, members of visible minorities, aboriginal persons, and persons with disabilities.

Industry
Shipbuilding
Employment type
Full-time
Experience
Mid-Senior level
Job function
Management,Manufacturing