Job description
Job Type: Permanent
Primary Location: Toronto, Ontario, Canada
All Available Locations: Toronto

External Posting Description

As a member of the consulting team, you will play a pivotal role with responsibilities that range from analyzing client issues to assembling leading practices in order to put forth actionable recommendations, to preparing and delivering client presentations. You will work with a highly skilled team to deliver projects related but not limited to:
Organization design across all business units (e.g. IT, Finance, HR, Marketing, etc.)
Developing and executing strategies to address the key people issues associated with complex strategic change initiatives (e.g., corporate strategy implementations, new operating model implementations, managing the organizational and talent issues associated with mergers and integrations)
Developing strategies to manage the people considerations associated with large scale technology implementations (e.g., ERP, CRM, HRMS)
HR transformation and advisory including HR strategy, service delivery, process, technology, and outsourcing advisory
Talent and workforce management strategies (e.g. process redesign, workforce planning, HR cloud technologies, including Workday and SuccessFactors)
This particular opportunity deals with:
Supporting the development of HR technology strategies and collecting business requirements.
Developing HR strategies and supporting business cases for HR solutioning activities.
Developing the design of new HR operating models and supporting HR organization design.
Establishing HR Shared Services centers.
Reviewing opportunities for HR outsourcing, selecting vendors, and monitoring transition (including retained organization design).
Redesigning HR processes to be more effective and efficient.
Providing organizational readiness support.
Developing your expertise in a specialization and your reputation as a business advisor.
Cultivating relationships with clients and possess a strong knowledge in leveraging prevalent methodologies.
This particular opportunity is for a Manager focused in HR Service Delivery.

External Posting Qualifications


Deloitte is an inclusive employer dedicated to building a diverse workforce. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective provincial human rights codes throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. Please advise the Recruiter to ensure your accessibility needs are accommodated throughout this process. Information received relating to accommodation will be addressed confidentially.

We thank all applicants in advance for their interest; however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted.



We’re always looking for people with the relentless energy to drive and push themselves further to find new avenues and unique ways of reaching our shared goals. At Deloitte, we know that being the undisputed leader means empowering our people to be the very best they can be – so they can make an impact that matters for clients, colleagues and the community, and for their own careers.

We offer a truly differentiated talent experience that empowers our people with unlimited opportunities to do meaningful work and to grow, learn, and lead at every point in their career. Deloitte’s newly designed offices offer unique workspaces that strengthen connections, inspire innovative ways of working, and provide the necessary tools to help you make an impact that matters. And with our global reach and network, you’ll always be part of the Deloitte community.

“Once Deloitte, always Deloitte.”



Deloitte is one of Canada’s leading professional services firms, providing audit, tax, consulting and financial advisory services across Canada. At Deloitte, we combine industry insight with a deep understanding of today’s local and global business challenges to give our clients the intelligent, practical and principled solutions they need to resolve both today’s and tomorrow’s challenges.



Deloitte is an inclusive employer dedicated to building a diverse workforce. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective provincial human rights codes throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. Please advise the Recruiter to ensure your accessibility needs are accommodated throughout this process. Information received relating to accommodation will be addressed confidentially.

We thank all applicants in advance for their interest; however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted.

17224

17224-en_US
Industry
Management Consulting
Employment type
Full-time
Experience
Not Applicable
Job function
Consulting