Job description
The Welding Supervisor is accountable for safe, efficient and timely completion of all vessel repair and new construction work performed by tradespersons at Vancouver Shipyards. Primary responsibilities include planning and monitoring assigned projects, and ensuring that they are appropriately staffed and supervised to meet schedule, budget and customer requirements. The Welding Supervisor is also responsible to ensure that all work is carried out in accordance shipyard safety, quality, and environment standards, policies and procedures.

The role provides departmental leadership, direction and motivation by managing department charge-hands to ensure productivity and quality levels are consistently improved. He/she provides initiative and direction for continuous process improvement activities within the assigned department. The Welding Supervisor is also responsible to build trade competency and skills in preparation for the Federal Fleet Renewal (FFR) Program.

The Welding Supervisor reports to the Director, Operations. He/She will have charge-hands as direct reports, responsible for day-to-day management of production workers. The number of direct reports varies by production trade and volume of work under contract.

Duties/Accountabilities

Operations and Team Management
Manage assigned trade labour by providing workers as dictated by work schedules and stage of construction superintendents. Allocate manpower to stages of construction in accordance schedule and priorities, assigning workers with the skill and ability to efficiently complete scheduled work.
Ensure trade workers have the skills, equipment and certifications required to perform planned work activities.
Manage charge-hands to ensure that work is completed within the allocated budget and schedule.
Coordinate trade work with other trades and stage of construction managers to minimize interference and maximize productivity.
Monitor projects through the various stages of construction to ensure workmanship meets Seaspan Quality Policy, applicable codes, VSY Standard Operating Procedures, and contract requirements.
Work with the Steel Manager; Director Operations; other Production Trade Supervisors; Manager, Technical; and Manager, Procurement to ensure technical information and materials meet trade requirements.
Ensure trade charge-hands and workers comply with VSY safety and ISO procedures.

Safety and Administration







Seaspan is committed to Employment Equity, supports diversity in the workplace, and encourages applications from all qualified individuals including, women, members of visible minorities, aboriginal persons, and persons with disabilities.

Industry
Shipbuilding
Employment type
Full-time
Experience
Mid-Senior level
Job function
Management,Manufacturing