Job description
Company Description

Alcoa Corporation is a global industry leader in the production of bauxite, alumina and aluminum, enhanced by a strong portfolio of value-added cast and rolled products and substantial energy assets. Alcoa Corporation draws on the innovation culture, customer relationships and strong brand of ParentCo. Previously known as the Aluminum Company of America, ParentCo pioneered the aluminum industry 128 years ago with the discovery of the first commercial process for the affordable production of aluminum. Since the discovery, Alcoa aluminum was used in the Wright brothers’ first flight (1903), ParentCo helped produce the first aluminum-sheathed skyscraper (1952), the first all-aluminum vehicle frame (1994) and the first aluminum beer bottle (2004).

Today, Alcoa Corporation extends this heritage of product and process innovation as it strives to continuously redefine world-class operational performance at its locations, while partnering with its customers across its range of global products. We believe that the lightweight capabilities and enhanced performance attributes that aluminum offers across a number of end markets are in increasingly high demand and underpin strong growth prospects for Alcoa Corporation.

Alcoa Corporation’s operations encompass all major production processes in the primary aluminum industry value chain, which we believe provides Alcoa Corporation with a strong platform from which to serve our customers in each critical segment.



The position is required to manage and direct the entire casting process from receiving and/or melting molten metal, thru casting to maximize efficiencies and production while meeting quality and purity requirements and into shipping, transportation and customer follow up.



This position requires an in-depth knowledge of both managerial and operational principles and theories. This knowledge is required to manage and direct production processes to safely maximize casting of aluminum at the lowest cost. Requires the ability to plan, develop and implement management systems and programs to improve performance and safety. The position requires highly developed leadership skills necessary to direct and motivate employees and to influence management both inside and outside of the Deschambault casthouse.

Major Customers: Cast wheel producers and suppliers of aluminum alloy cast parts, predominantly for the automotive industry, such as Superior Industries and Chassix. Consumers and traders of high purity aluminum and P1020 for remelt.




Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
Industry
Mining & Metals
Employment type
Full-time
Experience
Mid-Senior level
Job function
Other