Job description
Job Type: Permanent
Primary Location: Ottawa, Ontario, Canada
All Available Locations: Montreal; Ottawa

Job Description

As a Senior Consultant in the Digital Customer practice specializing on Microsoft Dynamics CRM, you will focus on transforming how our clients interact with their customers in the digital age across sales, marketing and service. The roles and responsibilities for the Digital Customer Consultant/Senior Consultant are to provide professional and effective technical consulting services that includes:
Developing applications with Microsoft Dynamics CRM and related technologies from design through to testing and deployment;
Providing advice and direction regarding Microsoft Dynamics CRM capabilities and functions to customer organizations;
Building positive client and peer relationships by developing an understanding of customer's business and project scope;
Identifying potential opportunities for additional revenue generation;
Developing analytical and insightful recommendations to meet deliverable targets and complete project tasks within budget and to customer satisfaction;



We’re always looking for people with the relentless energy to drive and push themselves further to find new avenues and unique ways of reaching our shared goals. At Deloitte, we know that being the undisputed leader means empowering our people to be the very best they can be – so they can make an impact that matters for clients, colleagues and the community, and for their own careers.

We offer a truly differentiated talent experience that empowers our people with unlimited opportunities to do meaningful work and to grow, learn, and lead at every point in their career. Deloitte’s newly designed offices offer unique workspaces that strengthen connections, inspire innovative ways of working, and provide the necessary tools to help you make an impact that matters. And with our global reach and network, you’ll always be part of the Deloitte community.

“Once Deloitte, always Deloitte.”



Deloitte is one of Canada’s leading professional services firms, providing audit, tax, consulting and financial advisory services across Canada. At Deloitte, we combine industry insight with a deep understanding of today’s local and global business challenges to give our clients the intelligent, practical and principled solutions they need to resolve both today’s and tomorrow’s challenges.



Deloitte is an inclusive employer dedicated to building a diverse workforce. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective provincial human rights codes throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. Please advise the Recruiter to ensure your accessibility needs are accommodated throughout this process. Information received relating to accommodation will be addressed confidentially.

We thank all applicants in advance for their interest; however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted.

16981

16981-en_US
Industry
Management Consulting
Employment type
Full-time
Experience
Not Applicable
Job function
Consulting