Job description

The Senior Subcontracts Specialist – New Construction is responsible for administration and contract maintenance of subcontracts, including the Tier 1 subcontracts, in support of new vessels constructed by Seaspan Shipyards under the Federal Fleet Renewal (FFR) Program. The position may be responsible for supervision of other staff and will be required to mentor and coach staff with less experience or knowledge. The position works closely with team members and stakeholders in managing subcontractor performance through the subcontract management plan. In addition, the position will work collaboratively with Seaspan’s Share Services Corporate Supply Chain on across organization leverage of buy / spend standardized processes such as terms and condition or systems and risk mitigation.

The Senior Subcontracts Specialist requires solid knowledge of contract law, contract drafting, Canadian Government contracting policy and process and have superior negotiation and relationship management skills.

The Senior Subcontracts Specialist – New Construction reports to the Manager, Subcontracts – New Construction. The Senior Subcontracts Specialist – New Construction is an integral member of the Seaspan Shipyard’s team which is comprised of cross-functional representatives from the Program Office, Supply Chain Management, Production, Engineering, Estimating and Quality Assurance. The role will have a small number of direct reports.
Duties/Accountabilities
Negotiation of subcontracts with the Tier 1 partners and other subcontractors.
Provides thorough and timely review of documents drafted by other parties identifying, evaluating and mitigating commercial and contractual risk to the company.
In conjunction with the FFR Program Office, development of RFx packages for complex equipment and services and incorporation of technical specifications into tender packages in accordance with Seaspan Shipyard’s established procurement procedures.
In collaboration with Seaspan’s Shared Services Corporate Supply Chain, conduct market studies and research potential suppliers capable of supplying equipment and/or services required for the FFR programs.



Seaspan is committed to Employment Equity, supports diversity in the workplace, and encourages applications from all qualified individuals including, women, members of visible minorities, aboriginal persons, and persons with disabilities.

Industry
Shipbuilding
Employment type
Full-time
Experience
Associate
Job function
Information Technology