Job description
Tell us your story. Don't go unnoticed. Explain why you're a winning candidate. Think "TD" if you crave meaningful work and embrace change like we do. We are a trusted North American leader that cares about people and inspires them to grow and move forward.
Stay current and competitive. Carve out a career for yourself. Grow with us. Here's our story: jobs.td.com Department Overview The Chief Accountant’s Department of TD Bank Group (the “Bank”) is responsible for ensuring that the Bank’s consolidated shareholder reports are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), and regulatory (OSFI) requirements. This involves providing financial accounting and regulatory advisory support to the Business units and Corporate areas on emerging and existing complex accounting and regulatory issues. This includes the development and maintenance of strong working relationships with various internal stakeholders within the Bank to deliver consolidated shareholder reports and regulatory filings. Job Type Regular Job Status Full Time Hours 37.5 Business Line Corporate Job Category - Primary Finance | Accounting Job Category(s) Finance | Accounting Job Description Reporting to the AVP - Insurance and U.S. Retail Accounting Policy, the Senior Manager will be responsible for leading the leading the implementation of certain new accounting standards relating to IFRS 9: Classification and Measurement and IFRS 4: Insurance as well as providing subject matter expertise on issues related to the Insurance business. Additionally, this role requires the incumbent to be part of the accounting standard advocacy efforts by providing thoughtful analysis and recommendations in the development of the Bank and industry views on proposed accounting standards. Responsibilities include: Provide accounting advice to stakeholders in the Insurance businesses on complex transactions, considering such items as the impact on the Bank’s Key Performance Indicators, capital, etc. This also entails working with stakeholders in the Actuarial, Treasury and Balance Sheet Management, Taxation and other relevant groups and requires the use of significant professional judgment in determining an accounting recommendation. Presenting complex accounting topics to stakeholders, recognizing and anticipating potential opportunities and managing changes as the business, regulatory environment, or accounting standards change. Effectively communicating with the Bank’s external auditors to ensure they are aware of key developments and concur with key accounting decisions related to Insurance or any other areas in which the Senior Manager is a Subject Matter Expert (SME). Leading and developing the Department’s Subject Matter Expertise in areas such as financial instruments and insurance accounting under IFRS. Leading the implementation of certain accounting standards, by driving consensus among various executives across the Bank, e.g., Actuarial, Business Units, Risk Management, Capital, Tax, Investor Relations, Internal Audit, etc., to successfully complete the adoption in a timely manner. Working closely with the IFRS project teams to implement other new IFRS standards impacting the Insurance businesses. Reviewing quarterly financial statements and the annual report and providing support for the quarterly reporting package to the Audit Committee. Job Requirements Candidate must possess a Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) accounting designation as well as 7+ years of financial accounting experience Strong IFRS technical accounting background with a focus on financial instruments and accounting issues related to depository institutions or insurance. Experience in both is a plus Must demonstrate excellent written and verbal communications skills with the ability to communicate clearly with the Bank’s executives as well as the external auditors. Must demonstrate organizational awareness and the ability to manage strong relationships within and across multiple businesses. Must possess advance facilitation, influence management and consensus building skills. Strong, proven ability to work in a team, provide training, foster a positive and rewarding work environment within the Department and within the TD Finance team. Inclusiveness At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, or accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs. **Province/State (Primary) Ontario City (Primary) Toronto
Industry
Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance
Employment type
Full-time
Experience
Not Applicable
Job function
Accounting/Auditing,Finance