Job description
Job Type: Permanent
Primary Location: Toronto, Ontario, Canada
All Available Locations: Toronto

External Posting Description

Deloitte Consulting's Public Sector Transformation practice provides a wide spectrum of advisory consulting services to government clients mainly at the Provincial level but also in some cases at the National and Municipal levels. Our approach is to work collaboratively with our clients in both government and industry to understand market forces, identify opportunities and develop solutions across the full value chain.

The primary role of the Manager is to oversee day-to-day delivery of entire client engagements or major workstreams within a large, multi-team project situations. Managers support project teams by leading and providing guidance on tactical project activities (e.g., project and client management, contributing to the project’s intellectual agenda, identifying and framing critical strategic choices, designing and facilitating implementation and change processes). Managers also play an important role in overseeing the output of junior team resources, while helping train and develop junior team members for long-term success. Managers also contribute to the development of the practice through internal leadership roles (e.g., campus recruitment, published thought leadership).

As a Manager, you will:
Cultivate and build long term relationships with client-side peers
Identify and support business development opportunities
Contribute to the intellectual agenda for all client engagements for which they are responsible
Assume day-to-day project delivery responsibilities for projects, supported by a core team of consultants; successfully deliver projects that ensure client satisfaction, on-time completion, and project profitability
Offer expertise in areas of specialization – industry and skill-specific
Apply a strong knowledge of industry trends and practices
Assess and understand clients’ key issues, identifying business strategies to help them succeed
Contribute to the growth and development of the Public Sector industry practice
External Posting Qualifications



We’re always looking for people with the relentless energy to drive and push themselves further to find new avenues and unique ways of reaching our shared goals. At Deloitte, we know that being the undisputed leader means empowering our people to be the very best they can be – so they can make an impact that matters for clients, colleagues and the community, and for their own careers.

We offer a truly differentiated talent experience that empowers our people with unlimited opportunities to do meaningful work and to grow, learn, and lead at every point in their career. Deloitte’s newly designed offices offer unique workspaces that strengthen connections, inspire innovative ways of working, and provide the necessary tools to help you make an impact that matters. And with our global reach and network, you’ll always be part of the Deloitte community.

“Once Deloitte, always Deloitte.”



Deloitte is one of Canada’s leading professional services firms, providing audit, tax, consulting and financial advisory services across Canada. At Deloitte, we combine industry insight with a deep understanding of today’s local and global business challenges to give our clients the intelligent, practical and principled solutions they need to resolve both today’s and tomorrow’s challenges.



Deloitte is an inclusive employer dedicated to building a diverse workforce. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective provincial human rights codes throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. Please advise the Recruiter to ensure your accessibility needs are accommodated throughout this process. Information received relating to accommodation will be addressed confidentially.

We thank all applicants in advance for their interest; however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted.

19869

19869-en_US
Industry
Management Consulting
Employment type
Full-time
Experience
Not Applicable
Job function
Consulting