Job description
Job Type: Permanent
Primary Location: Multiple Locations, British Columbia, Canada
All Available Locations: Calgary; Toronto; Vancouver

External Posting Description

Our Consulting function provides an unparalleled mix of strategic and technical expertise in management consulting. The practice is organized around five core service lines: Strategy and Operations, Human Capital, Enterprise Applications, Technology and Outsourcing. We help our clients solve business problems. We work collaboratively, because in today's world, no one has all the answers. We push the right thing, not the next big thing. We do it with a belief that strategy, technology and people need to be balanced. At Deloitte, you'll have the opportunity to work with the best people and partners in the industry to deliver comprehensive business solutions to today's most complex business challenges in an organization where you are challenged and recognized.

The JDE Finance – Manager is responsible for consulting on JDE engagements, including implementation, upgrade, and/or extension of existing applications. The manager is responsible for hands-on configuration of JDE Finance modules (General Ledger, Accounts Payables, Accounts Receivables, Fixed Assets, Advanced Cost Accounting and Expense Management) as well as for assisting clients in the selection, implementation and support. The Manager will be involved in leading clients through design workshops and validation, configuration, testing, deployment cycles. The candidate will provide functional knowledge and lead the design workshops.

As an Oracle JD Edwards (JDE) Manager you will:
Work in a collaborative team environment analyzing client issues, lead workshops and interview key stakeholders in the client organizations
Embrace and deliver projects using the Deloitte Oracle Enterprise Value Delivery (EVD) methodology
External Posting Qualifications
Canadian travel required, with possible international travel. Candidates must not have any restrictions to enter the USA to work on client assignments



We’re always looking for people with the relentless energy to drive and push themselves further to find new avenues and unique ways of reaching our shared goals. At Deloitte, we know that being the undisputed leader means empowering our people to be the very best they can be – so they can make an impact that matters for clients, colleagues and the community, and for their own careers.

We offer a truly differentiated talent experience that empowers our people with unlimited opportunities to do meaningful work and to grow, learn, and lead at every point in their career. Deloitte’s newly designed offices offer unique workspaces that strengthen connections, inspire innovative ways of working, and provide the necessary tools to help you make an impact that matters. And with our global reach and network, you’ll always be part of the Deloitte community.

“Once Deloitte, always Deloitte.”



Deloitte is one of Canada’s leading professional services firms, providing audit, tax, consulting and financial advisory services across Canada. At Deloitte, we combine industry insight with a deep understanding of today’s local and global business challenges to give our clients the intelligent, practical and principled solutions they need to resolve both today’s and tomorrow’s challenges.



Deloitte is an inclusive employer dedicated to building a diverse workforce. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective provincial human rights codes throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. Please advise the Recruiter to ensure your accessibility needs are accommodated throughout this process. Information received relating to accommodation will be addressed confidentially.

We thank all applicants in advance for their interest; however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted.

19889

19889-en_US
Industry
Management Consulting
Employment type
Full-time
Experience
Not Applicable
Job function
Consulting