Job description
Location:

1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5

The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you.

Why is this role important?

This is a 10 month temporary position.

Under the direction of the Manager, Enterprise data, you support data quality improvement activities by leading components of the data strategy for projects and will be closely connected to business semantics of data quality solution development & data quality issues. This role has a strong focus on partnering with different business units bridging the gap between IT and the User. Note that you will have an opportunity to work from our Shoppers Drug Mart office in North York on occasion for this role.

What You'll Do:

Quality:
• Adhere to the Data Quality Improvement Process & Framework and participate in education / enablement sessions and the data quality improvement process
• Drive communication and bring together business stakeholders within domain, data consumers, business process SMEs & IT support groups to manage data issues.
• Assist in finding resolution on critical (level 3) production data quality issues where needed, and bring awareness to the data quality issues associated with business impacts and the value of a data quality solution
• Track data stewardship and decision rights; guiding business stakeholders & data stewards on how to best remediate data quality issues
• Run and Publish Data Quality Reports to track performance against desired business metrics and report on data quality discrepancies and improvements

Data Strategy:
• Provide expertise in data acquisition, data retention, data quality, data remediation, data privacy, data enrichment, data maintenance, data modeling, metadata & unstructured / big data strategy, as needed.
• Identifying data enrichment opportunities to enhance data quality. Train key stakeholders on the consumption/ use/ cleansing of data
• Document business processes and systems to trace the flow of data through its entire lifecycle (incl. where/how data is created, read, updated & deleted) to support various projects & data privacy objectives.
• Drive data management technology requirements to support the management, maintenance, quality, privacy, traceability and stewardship of domain

What You'll Need:




At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections.

If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today.



Full time



Temporary (Fixed Term)

Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired.

Contact the job poster
Job posted by
Darla Robinson BA, CHRL
Senior Talent Acquisition Specialist - Loblaw Companies Limited Recruitment Manager - Hirepower Inc.
Toronto, Canada Area
Send Inmail
Send Inmail to Darla
Industry
Hospital & Health Care
Employment type
Full-time
Experience
Not Applicable
Job function
Health Care Provider