Job description
The Project Manager-Business Services & Technology provides project management expertise to deliver solutions for Seaspan and its operating units.

The Project Manager Has Responsibility For
Management of project teams to ensure delivery of the stated project goals and objectives against the established measurement criteria.
Being the accountable point person for project delivery and project communications.
Resolution of issues and risks associated with the project.
Transition of new processes and systems to operations, including the facilitation of organizational change management.
Delivery of project documentation and management of documentation repositories.

The Project Manager reports directly to the Program Manager, Business Services & Technology. The Project Manager does not have any direct reports but is responsible for supervising project team members comprised of internal staff, contractors and vendor resources.
Duties/Accountabilities
Work with the Project Sponsor to identify strategic drivers for projects and the benefits and measurements that will result from the project delivery.
Develop business case justifications and cost/benefit analyses
Identify and evaluate options for project approach. Criteria may include risks, benefits, complexity and flexibility.
Plan, assign and direct the work of cross-functional project team members. Provide coaching and mentorship as required. Team members may include operational and technical staff, contractors and vendors.
Develop and maintain Project Plans, and budget including activities, deliverables and milestone due dates.
Manage project scheduling, estimating, forecasting, budget monitoring and cost reporting for assigned projects


Seaspan is committed to Employment Equity, supports diversity in the workplace, and encourages applications from all qualified individuals including, women, members of visible minorities, aboriginal persons, and persons with disabilities.

Industry
Shipbuilding
Employment type
Full-time
Experience
Associate
Job function
Project Management,Information Technology