Job description

The Senior Requirements and Acceptance Specialist is responsible for the elicitation, tracking and acceptance of requirements during the new construction vessel program, designed and constructed under the NSPS NC Package Programs. This role is to ensure successful handover and project close out for new build vessels. The Senior Requirements and Acceptance Specialist will ensure that contractual requirements are understood by the relevant stakeholder(s) and ensure delivery of Acceptance evidence that objectively demonstrates that the work has been completed in accordance with the contract and the Ship Specification for new construction vessels.

Reports directly to the Requirements and Acceptance Manager within the Program Management Office.
The position has no direct reports and works closely with PMO, Engineering, Quality Control, Production, Supply Chain, Subcontractors and Test and Trial.
Duties/Accountabilities
Supporting the work of other Seaspan employees from the PMO, Technical, Production and Quality Control Departments, Supply Chain and Sub-Contractors to support the progressive acceptance process on new build vessels.
Assist the Program Director in the wording of requirements during the construction of contracts.
Assist with the definition and implementation of Acceptance Strategies for each vessel as assigned.
Subject Matter Expert for the Requirements and Acceptance Processes.
Elicit explicit, implicit and derived requirements from all contractual documentation, ensuring all are clearly understood by Seaspan and the customer.
Ensure all customer requirements are mapped to the correct OQE.
Participate in deliverable review meetings with the customer (and Classification Society if required) to discuss submission of OQEs and address customer comments


Seaspan is committed to Employment Equity, supports diversity in the workplace, and encourages applications from all qualified individuals including, women, members of visible minorities, aboriginal persons, and persons with disabilities.

Industry
Shipbuilding
Employment type
Full-time
Experience
Associate
Job function
Information Technology