Job description
At MD Financial Management, we have one mandate: to help Canadian physicians achieve financial well-being by focusing on their distinctive needs and operating in their best interests. We are a company who takes helping those that help others seriously. We also believe that our commitment to work/life integration, employee well-being and ongoing learning are key factors that contribute to our overall success.

If you’re a results-driven, enthusiastic and technology-savvy team player, you’ll thrive in our dynamic, flexible and collaborative environment.

We have an immediate opening for a talented, enthusiastic and client-focused Regional Manager to join our growing Quebec or Sherbrooke based team.

What You Will Do:

Reporting to the Regional Vice-President, the Regional Manager is primarily responsible for the supervision and performance management of advisors to ensure the adoption, sustainment and effective use of contact and sales planning tools.

In this role, you will partner with the Regional Vice-President to create, develop and maintain high-performing sales teams. You will lead regional employees in the implementation and adoption of new products and sales initiatives, ensuring an optimal employee and client experience as well as leading reward and recognition activities within the region.

You will play a key role in identifying appropriate team-based solutions and work in conjunction with the Regional Vice-President and sales teams to identify tactics to address productivity deficiencies.

Ensuring compliance to MD standards, policies and procedures, as well as identifying and implementing applicable action plans to address deficiencies will be a primary focus as will managing escalated client complaints in a timely and customer-focused manner.



The ideal candidate will possess a minimum of 7 years’ experience in the financial services industry in a leadership coupled with a university degree in Administration or Commerce as well as Five years of experience in supervising a sales team or managing staff.



You hold the Pl.Fin designation and have completed the Canadian Securities Course (CSC), the Conduct and Practices Handbook for Securities Industry Professionals (CPH), the Group Annuity Plans and the Branch Manager exam.

You will also be required to complete the “Effective Management Seminar” within 18 months of Supervisor registration.

In addition to having a breadth and depth of financial services product knowledge, you are also experienced with MS Office applications.














– Our reputation is built on and sustained by our engaged, talented and inquisitive employees and we’ve earned the right to be named as one of Achievers 50 Most Engaged Workplaces TM for 3 consecutive years. We recognize that top performers deserve the best, and that’s exactly what we provide. We offer a variety of flexible work options that allow our employees to balance their personal commitments while fulfilling their career aspirations. We are huge proponents of life-long learning and committed to employee career development through defined coaching and mentoring programs. We afford our employees competitive compensation and benefit programs, as well as ongoing opportunities to acknowledge and be acknowledged through various recognition programs.

Industry
Financial Services
Employment type
Full-time
Experience
Not Applicable
Job function
Consulting